limited 0 0 1 Anger,
suicidal 0 0 1 Anger,
cussed 0 0 1 Anger,
dissolution 0 0 1 Anger,
vermin 0 0 1 Anger,
foul 0 0 1 Anger,
dynasty 1 0 0 Anger,
protest 1 0 0 Anger,
controversial 0 0 1 Anger,
hanging 0 0 1 Anger,
hate 0 0 1 Anger,
aggression 0 0 1 Anger,
poorly 1 0 0 Anger,
scold 1 0 1 Anger,
bludgeon 1 0 0 Anger,
sinking 0 1 0 Anger,
misunderstanding 1 0 1 Anger,
smack 0 0 1 Anger,
disobedient 0 0 1 Anger,
govern 1 0 0 Anger,
confetti 1 0 0 Anger,
screaming 0 0 1 Anger,
exaggerate 0 0 1 Anger,
red 1 0 0 Anger,
deplorable 0 1 1 Anger,
degeneracy 0 0 1 Anger,
force 0 0 1 Anger,
blasphemy 0 0 1 Anger,
hating 0 0 1 Anger,
conniption 1 0 0 Anger,
guillotine 0 0 1 Anger,
kidnap 0 0 1 Anger,
untoward 0 0 1 Anger,
incompatible 0 0 1 Anger,
ruthless 0 0 1 Anger,
orchestra 0 0 1 Anger,
revolver 0 0 1 Anger,
poison 0 0 1 Anger,
decry 0 0 1 Anger,
defraud 0 0 1 Anger,
crunch 0 0 1 Anger,
aftermath 0 0 1 Anger,
shriek 0 0 1 Anger,
disrespect 0 0 1 Anger,
anarchism 0 0 1 Anger,
ridicule 0 0 1 Anger,
harass 0 0 1 Anger,
depreciated 0 0 1 Anger,
anarchist 0 0 1 Anger,
punishment 0 0 1 Anger,
criticism 0 0 1 Anger,
bayonet 0 0 1 Anger,
sneer 0 0 1 Anger,
pound 0 0 1 Anger,
moral 0 0 1 Anger,
achievable 1 0 0 Anger,
atrium 1 0 0 Anger,
devastation 0 0 1 Anger,
insecurity 0 1 0 Anger,
spiky 1 0 0 Anger,
insult 0 0 1 Anger,
overhead 1 0 0 Anger,
spike 1 0 0 Anger,
strike 0 0 1 Anger,
saber 0 0 1 Anger,
phony 0 0 1 Anger,
warp 0 0 1 Anger,
hurt 0 0 1 Anger,
disruption 0 0 1 Anger,
warm 0 1 0 Anger,
tariff 0 0 1 Anger,
shoot 1 0 1 Anger,
rook 0 0 1 Anger,
advocacy 0 0 1 Anger,
elbow 0 0 1 Anger,
disillusionment 0 0 1 Anger,
quarrel 1 0 1 Anger,
unjust 0 0 1 Anger,
household 1 0 0 Anger,
involve 1 0 0 Anger,
malign 0 0 1 Anger,
caution 0 0 1 Anger,
loathe 0 0 1 Anger,
scolding 0 0 1 Anger,
agony 1 0 1 Anger,
damage 0 0 1 Anger,
hot 1 0 1 Anger,
disappoint 0 0 1 Anger,
insecure 0 1 1 Anger,
vicious 0 0 1 Anger,
lax 1 0 0 Anger,
snarling 0 0 1 Anger,
impatient 1 1 0 Anger,
alienate 0 0 1 Anger,
revolt 0 0 1 Anger,
sickening 0 0 1 Anger,
wink 1 0 0 Anger,
capitalist 1 0 0 Anger,
rheumatism 0 0 1 Anger,
atrocity 0 0 1 Anger,
greed 0 0 1 Anger,
restriction 0 0 1 Anger,
claimant 0 0 1 Anger,
disaffection 1 0 0 Anger,
strangle 0 0 1 Anger,
destroyer 1 0 1 Anger,
recreational 1 0 0 Anger,
destroyed 0 0 1 Anger,
mistreat 1 0 0 Anger,
stalemate 0 0 1 Anger,
versus 0 0 1 Anger,
grievous 0 0 1 Anger,
litigious 0 0 1 Anger,
intimidation 0 0 1 Anger,
bane 0 0 1 Anger,
bang 0 0 1 Anger,
penetration 0 0 1 Anger,
interrupt 0 0 1 Anger,
disreputable 0 0 1 Anger,
gallows 0 0 1 Anger,
discomposure 1 0 0 Anger,
chuck 1 0 0 Anger,
dumps 0 0 1 Anger,
misbehave 1 0 0 Anger,
averse 0 0 1 Anger,
noncompliance 0 0 1 Anger,
burial 0 0 1 Anger,
concord 1 0 0 Anger,
waffle 0 0 1 Anger,
whip 0 0 1 Anger,
otoscope 1 0 0 Anger,
revolting 0 0 1 Anger,
instigate 1 0 0 Anger,
outburst 0 0 1 Anger,
barrier 0 0 1 Anger,
veto 0 0 1 Anger,
fugitive 0 0 1 Anger,
struggle 0 0 1 Anger,
forcibly 0 0 1 Anger,
mistress 0 0 1 Anger,
mimic 1 0 0 Anger,
unfulfilled 0 0 1 Anger,
maniac 0 0 1 Anger,
needlework 1 0 0 Anger,
disturbed 1 0 1 Anger,
loudness 0 0 1 Anger,
loud 1 0 0 Anger,
wasp 1 0 0 Anger,
disfigured 0 0 1 Anger,
hoot 0 0 1 Anger,
bombard 0 0 1 Anger,
hood 0 0 1 Anger,
discompose 1 0 0 Anger,
rejects 0 0 1 Anger,
sarcasm 0 0 1 Anger,
concussion 0 0 1 Anger,
inconvenient 0 0 1 Anger,
twister 1 0 0 Anger,
duress 0 0 1 Anger,
murder 0 0 1 Anger,
collapse 0 1 0 Anger,
wasted 0 0 1 Anger,
tithe 1 0 0 Anger,
anxiety 0 1 1 Anger,
affront 0 0 1 Anger,
rampage 0 0 1 Anger,
depraved 0 0 1 Anger,
tree 0 0 1 Anger,
bitterness 0 0 1 Anger,
silly 1 0 0 Anger,
arraignment 0 0 1 Anger,
feeling 0 0 1 Anger,
ram 0 0 1 Anger,
antagonistic 0 0 1 Anger,
desist 0 0 1 Anger,
thundering 0 0 1 Anger,
regular 1 0 0 Anger,
addict 1 0 0 Anger,
inexcusable 0 1 1 Anger,
episode 1 0 0 Anger,
alarm 0 1 0 Anger,
devastating 0 0 1 Anger,
nettle 0 0 1 Anger,
pointy 1 0 0 Anger,
flog 0 0 1 Anger,
repudiation 0 0 1 Anger,
discontent 0 0 1 Anger,
bomb 0 0 1 Anger,
overpriced 0 0 1 Anger,
coup 0 0 1 Anger,
armament 0 0 1 Anger,
schism 0 0 1 Anger,
dupe 0 0 1 Anger,
ulcer 0 0 1 Anger,
resisting 0 0 1 Anger,
latent 0 0 1 Anger,
spite 0 0 1 Anger,
wasteful 0 0 1 Anger,
brimstone 0 0 1 Anger,
chivvy 1 0 0 Anger,
disgust 0 0 1 Anger,
patter 0 0 1 Anger,
hostility 0 0 1 Anger,
inoperative 0 0 1 Anger,
denounce 0 0 1 Anger,
unfair 0 0 1 Anger,
frowning 0 0 1 Anger,
reversal 0 0 1 Anger,
nasty 1 0 1 Anger,
volatility 0 0 1 Anger,
overbearing 0 0 1 Anger,
avenger 0 0 1 Anger,
collusion 0 0 1 Anger,
idiotic 0 0 1 Anger,
illegitimate 0 0 1 Anger,
bad 0 0 1 Anger,
erupt 0 0 1 Anger,
feudalism 1 0 1 Anger,
crucifixion 0 0 1 Anger,
steal 0 0 1 Anger,
steam 1 0 0 Anger,
disaster 0 0 1 Anger,
imitate 1 0 0 Anger,
liquor 0 0 1 Anger,
damnation 0 0 1 Anger,
corrupt 1 0 0 Anger,
miserable 0 0 1 Anger,
inappropriate 0 0 1 Anger,
solicitude 0 1 0 Anger,
mug 0 0 1 Anger,
scorn 0 0 1 Anger,
pirate 0 0 1 Anger,
warrior 0 0 1 Anger,
infidel 0 0 1 Anger,
felony 1 0 0 Anger,
conflagration 0 0 1 Anger,
defiance 0 0 1 Anger,
mule 0 0 1 Anger,
sanitation 1 0 0 Anger,
disdain 0 0 1 Anger,
fallacious 0 0 1 Anger,
ill 0 0 1 Anger,
adventurer 1 0 0 Anger,
incense 0 0 1 Anger,
argue 1 1 1 Anger,
eradicate 0 0 1 Anger,
obscenity 0 0 1 Anger,
spear 0 0 1 Anger,
seizure 1 0 0 Anger,
smuggler 0 0 1 Anger,
deleterious 0 0 1 Anger,
foray 0 0 1 Anger,
frenetic 0 0 1 Anger,
copycat 0 0 1 Anger,
trickery 0 0 1 Anger,
eradication 0 0 1 Anger,
disparity 0 0 1 Anger,
subsidy 0 0 1 Anger,
ringer 0 0 1 Anger,
incompetent 0 0 1 Anger,
suppress 0 0 1 Anger,
inattention 0 0 1 Anger,
excite 0 0 1 Anger,
confinement 0 0 1 Anger,
throttle 0 0 1 Anger,
harshness 0 0 1 Anger,
inhibit 0 0 1 Anger,
sly 0 0 1 Anger,
vendetta 0 0 1 Anger,
smartness 1 0 0 Anger,
thrash 1 0 1 Anger,
cracked 0 0 1 Anger,
mangle 0 0 1 Anger,
cane 0 0 1 Anger,
suffocation 0 0 1 Anger,
sting 0 0 1 Anger,
separatist 0 0 1 Anger,
exile 0 0 1 Anger,
campaigning 0 0 1 Anger,
surcharge 0 0 1 Anger,
growl 0 0 1 Anger,
remand 0 0 1 Anger,
wound 0 0 1 Anger,
rebellion 0 0 1 Anger,
raid 0 0 1 Anger,
fuss 0 0 1 Anger,
numerical 1 0 0 Anger,
rail 0 0 1 Anger,
evil 0 0 1 Anger,
warden 0 0 1 Anger,
jealous 0 0 1 Anger,
possessed 0 0 1 Anger,
failing 0 0 1 Anger,
coldness 0 0 1 Anger,
detainee 0 0 1 Anger,
corporate 1 0 0 Anger,
musical 0 0 1 Anger,
sentence 0 0 1 Anger,
distribute 1 0 0 Anger,
forsaken 0 0 1 Anger,
beset 1 0 0 Anger,
victim 0 0 1 Anger,
assassination 0 0 1 Anger,
elf 0 0 1 Anger,
scruple 0 1 0 Anger,
shout 0 0 1 Anger,
prison 0 0 1 Anger,
disagreement 0 0 1 Anger,
willful 0 0 1 Anger,
daemon 0 0 1 Anger,
brutality 0 0 1 Anger,
contradict 0 0 1 Anger,
dishonest 0 0 1 Anger,
banshee 0 0 1 Anger,
mosquito 0 0 1 Anger,
tyrannical 0 0 1 Anger,
attorney 0 0 1 Anger,
pain 0 1 0 Anger,
clash 1 0 1 Anger,
coercion 0 0 1 Anger,
inhuman 0 0 1 Anger,
aggravation 0 0 1 Anger,
prejudicial 0 0 1 Anger,
indoctrination 0 0 1 Anger,
intolerant 0 0 1 Anger,
convict 0 0 1 Anger,
confusion 1 0 1 Anger,
beating 0 0 1 Anger,
betrayal 0 0 1 Anger,
blackmail 0 0 1 Anger,
confrontation 1 0 0 Anger,
losing 0 0 1 Anger,
chaff 0 0 1 Anger,
restlessness 1 0 0 Anger,
hostilities 0 0 1 Anger,
choke 0 0 1 Anger,
misleading 0 0 1 Anger,
repellent 0 0 1 Anger,
disqualified 0 0 1 Anger,
meddle 0 0 1 Anger,
indecency 0 0 1 Anger,
anxiousness 0 1 0 Anger,
infraction 0 0 1 Anger,
anathema 0 0 1 Anger,
infidelity 0 0 1 Anger,
wal 1 0 0 Anger,
jealousy 0 0 1 Anger,
fight 1 0 1 Anger,
derision 0 0 1 Anger,
wrongdoing 0 0 1 Anger,
inquietude 1 0 0 Anger,
war 1 0 0 Anger,
intolerance 0 0 1 Anger,
insurrection 0 0 1 Anger,
immorality 0 0 1 Anger,
deny 0 0 1 Anger,
wireless 0 0 1 Anger,
heat 0 1 0 Anger,
humiliate 0 0 1 Anger,
duel 1 0 1 Anger,
dowry 1 0 0 Anger,
silliness 1 0 0 Anger,
myopia 0 0 1 Anger,
ruined 0 0 1 Anger,
angst 0 1 0 Anger,
pest 0 0 1 Anger,
disgrace 0 0 1 Anger,
forearm 0 0 1 Anger,
fury 0 0 1 Anger,
sinful 0 0 1 Anger,
despotism 0 0 1 Anger,
annoying 0 0 1 Anger,
injurious 0 0 1 Anger,
shit 0 0 1 Anger,
discriminate 0 0 1 Anger,
dying 0 0 1 Anger,
stake 0 1 0 Anger,
smell 0 0 1 Anger,
cleric 1 0 0 Anger,
fell 1 0 0 Anger,
persecution 0 0 1 Anger,
puss 1 0 0 Anger,
quandary 0 0 1 Anger,
gonorrhea 0 0 1 Anger,
push 1 0 0 Anger,
meander 1 0 0 Anger,
revoke 0 0 1 Anger,
obstructive 0 0 1 Anger,
rob 0 0 1 Anger,
rod 1 0 0 Anger,
ouch 1 0 0 Anger,
recidivism 0 0 1 Anger,
battle 1 0 1 Anger,
bomber 1 0 0 Anger,
rot 1 0 0 Anger,
skid 0 0 1 Anger,
row 0 0 1 Anger,
suicide 0 0 1 Anger,
foe 0 0 1 Anger,
godless 0 0 1 Anger,
disgusting 0 0 1 Anger,
abhorrent 0 0 1 Anger,
disapproved 0 0 1 Anger,
bogus 0 0 1 Anger,
coop 0 0 1 Anger,
jerk 0 0 1 Anger,
unfriendliness 1 0 0 Anger,
lynch 0 0 1 Anger,
blast 0 0 1 Anger,
annihilated 0 0 1 Anger,
flammable 1 0 0 Anger,
banished 0 0 1 Anger,
gun 1 0 1 Anger,
skewed 0 0 1 Anger,
involution 0 0 1 Anger,
brave 1 0 0 Anger,
invader 0 0 1 Anger,
insignificant 0 0 1 Anger,
agitate 1 1 0 Anger,
bombardment 0 0 1 Anger,
scarcity 0 0 1 Anger,
ravenous 0 0 1 Anger,
sordid 0 0 1 Anger,
curse 0 0 1 Anger,
appear 1 0 0 Anger,
havoc 0 0 1 Anger,
brawl 0 0 1 Anger,
deportation 0 0 1 Anger,
victimized 0 0 1 Anger,
superstition 1 0 0 Anger,
disclaim 0 0 1 Anger,
detest 0 0 1 Anger,
witch 0 0 1 Anger,
deceit 0 0 1 Anger,
combatant 0 0 1 Anger,
earthquake 0 0 1 Anger,
molestation 0 0 1 Anger,
buck 1 0 0 Anger,
sleepwalk 1 0 0 Anger,
shove 0 0 1 Anger,
impatiently 1 0 0 Anger,
guilty 0 0 1 Anger,
expulsion 0 0 1 Anger,
denunciation 0 0 1 Anger,
suggestion 1 0 0 Anger,
morals 0 0 1 Anger,
cacophony 0 0 1 Anger,
bloody 0 0 1 Anger,
paralyzed 0 0 1 Anger,
stingy 0 0 1 Anger,
angry 0 0 1 Anger,
tripping 0 0 1 Anger,
opposed 0 0 1 Anger,
sharpen 0 0 1 Anger,
dismay 0 0 1 Anger,
riot 1 0 1 Anger,
condescension 0 0 1 Anger,
abandonment 0 0 1 Anger,
odious 0 0 1 Anger,
misconception 0 0 1 Anger,
demolish 1 0 1 Anger,
collision 0 0 1 Anger,
melodrama 0 0 1 Anger,
believer 1 0 0 Anger,
nether 0 0 1 Anger,
unruly 0 0 1 Anger,
pitfall 0 0 1 Anger,
gunfire 1 0 0 Anger,
cad 0 0 1 Anger,
spy 1 0 0 Anger,
crazy 0 0 1 Anger,
supremacy 0 0 1 Anger,
council 1 0 0 Anger,
offense 0 0 1 Anger,
provoke 1 0 0 Anger,
restitution 0 0 1 Anger,
bigot 0 0 1 Anger,
disliked 0 0 1 Anger,
infantile 0 0 1 Anger,
fuming 0 0 1 Anger,
despair 0 0 1 Anger,
pure 1 0 0 Anger,
pint 1 0 0 Anger,
escalate 0 0 1 Anger,
misrepresented 0 0 1 Anger,
scoff 0 0 1 Anger,
brazen 0 0 1 Anger,
mad 0 0 1 Anger,
destructive 1 0 1 Anger,
opinionated 0 0 1 Anger,
deceive 0 0 1 Anger,
skirmish 0 0 1 Anger,
rabbi 1 0 0 Anger,
counsellor 0 0 1 Anger,
shaky 0 0 1 Anger,
playful 0 0 1 Anger,
misbehavior 1 0 1 Anger,
vocation 1 0 0 Anger,
haughty 0 0 1 Anger,
antipathy 1 0 1 Anger,
swastika 0 0 1 Anger,
inefficiency 1 0 0 Anger,
stewing 1 1 0 Anger,
lonely 0 0 1 Anger,
shatter 0 0 1 Anger,
overpowering 0 0 1 Anger,
twilight 1 0 0 Anger,
equality 1 0 0 Anger,
opera 0 0 1 Anger,
disconcertion 1 0 0 Anger,
crushing 0 0 1 Anger,
treacherous 0 0 1 Anger,
owing 0 0 1 Anger,
tumultuous 0 0 1 Anger,
troll 0 0 1 Anger,
uprising 0 0 1 Anger,
ruinous 0 0 1 Anger,
dominate 1 0 1 Anger,
annoyance 0 0 1 Anger,
satanic 0 0 1 Anger,
quart 1 0 0 Anger,
unfriendly 0 0 1 Anger,
rebel 0 0 1 Anger,
orc 0 0 1 Anger,
deprivation 0 0 1 Anger,
honest 0 0 1 Anger,
chevy 1 0 0 Anger,
unpaid 0 0 1 Anger,
undesirable 1 0 1 Anger,
outcry 0 0 1 Anger,
legislation 1 0 0 Anger,
incongruous 0 0 1 Anger,
reprisal 0 0 1 Anger,
vote 0 0 1 Anger,
unattainable 0 0 1 Anger,
thoughtless 0 0 1 Anger,
wrath 0 0 1 Anger,
bite 1 0 0 Anger,
callous 0 0 1 Anger,
shiver 0 0 1 Anger,
stifled 0 0 1 Anger,
persecute 0 0 1 Anger,
bounty 1 0 0 Anger,
bloodshed 0 0 1 Anger,
hurtful 0 0 1 Anger,
ridiculous 0 0 1 Anger,
illegality 0 0 1 Anger,
depressed 0 0 1 Anger,
scourge 0 0 1 Anger,
mutilation 0 0 1 Anger,
spat 0 0 1 Anger,
extinguish 1 0 1 Anger,
oath 0 1 0 Anger,
troublesome 0 0 1 Anger,
contentious 0 0 1 Anger,
slay 1 0 1 Anger,
polemic 0 0 1 Anger,
argument 1 0 1 Anger,
slap 1 0 1 Anger,
picketing 0 0 1 Anger,
slam 0 0 1 Anger,
foiled 1 0 0 Anger,
anger 0 0 1 Anger,
pry 0 0 1 Anger,
frenzied 0 0 1 Anger,
deserted 0 0 1 Anger,
wretch 0 0 1 Anger,
destroy 1 0 0 Anger,
urge 0 1 0 Anger,
audacious 1 0 0 Anger,
prick 1 0 1 Anger,
oppressive 0 0 1 Anger,
compress 0 0 1 Anger,
buffet 0 0 1 Anger,
insanity 0 0 1 Anger,
assault 0 0 1 Anger,
touchy 0 0 1 Anger,
average 1 0 0 Anger,
proud 1 0 0 Anger,
pernicious 0 0 1 Anger,
senior 1 0 0 Anger,
rating 0 0 1 Anger,
shot 0 0 1 Anger,
banger 0 0 1 Anger,
cheat 0 0 1 Anger,
mince 1 0 0 Anger,
friction 0 0 1 Anger,
trespass 0 0 1 Anger,
aggressive 0 0 1 Anger,
gnat 1 0 0 Anger,
unkind 0 0 1 Anger,
stormy 0 1 0 Anger,
colposcope 1 0 0 Anger,
crime 1 0 1 Anger,
incredulous 0 0 1 Anger,
outrage 0 0 1 Anger,
robe 1 0 0 Anger,
shrill 0 0 1 Anger,
alcoholism 1 0 1 Anger,
dispute 1 0 1 Anger,
viewpoint 1 0 0 Anger,
hostage 0 0 1 Anger,
cannon 0 0 1 Anger,
impatient(p) 0 1 0 Anger,
cursing 0 0 1 Anger,
loath 0 0 1 Anger,
treachery 1 0 1 Anger,
revulsion 0 0 1 Anger,
harbinger 0 0 1 Anger,
sabotage 0 0 1 Anger,
obliterate 0 0 1 Anger,
barbaric 0 0 1 Anger,
disparage 0 0 1 Anger,
recalcitrant 0 0 1 Anger,
obliging 0 0 1 Anger,
stigma 0 0 1 Anger,
underpaid 0 0 1 Anger,
concern 0 1 0 Anger,
incite 0 0 1 Anger,
altercation 0 0 1 Anger,
hiss 0 0 1 Anger,
untrustworthy 0 0 1 Anger,
grumble 0 0 1 Anger,
fearless 1 0 0 Anger,
killing 0 0 1 Anger,
blame 0 0 1 Anger,
animus 0 0 1 Anger,
menacing 0 0 1 Anger,
broil 0 0 1 Anger,
oust 0 0 1 Anger,
vengence 1 0 0 Anger,
madness 0 0 1 Anger,
provocation 0 0 1 Anger,
cancer 0 0 1 Anger,
pow 0 0 1 Anger,
unquiet 1 0 0 Anger,
spank 0 0 1 Anger,
resentment 0 0 1 Anger,
accusation 0 0 1 Anger,
shin 1 0 0 Anger,
fib 0 0 1 Anger,
scandalous 0 0 1 Anger,
punished 0 0 1 Anger,
nepotism 0 0 1 Anger,
sisterhood 0 0 1 Anger,
diatribe 0 0 1 Anger,
derogation 0 0 1 Anger,
disconcertment 1 0 0 Anger,
mocking 0 0 1 Anger,
bout 0 0 1 Anger,
sedition 0 0 1 Anger,
profane 0 0 1 Anger,
invigorate 1 0 0 Anger,
cash 0 0 1 Anger,
notoriety 1 0 1 Anger,
dissident 0 0 1 Anger,
bias 0 0 1 Anger,
obnoxious 0 0 1 Anger,
demolition 1 0 0 Anger,
worry 0 1 0 Anger,
resentful 0 0 1 Anger,
admit 1 0 0 Anger,
lava 0 0 1 Anger,
theocratic 0 0 1 Anger,
arguments 0 0 1 Anger,
agitated 1 0 1 Anger,
jitteriness 0 1 0 Anger,
sterling 0 0 1 Anger,
oceanside 1 0 0 Anger,
defy 0 0 1 Anger,
incarceration 0 0 1 Anger,
deflate 0 0 1 Anger,
sullen 0 0 1 Anger,
upheaval 0 0 1 Anger,
falsification 0 0 1 Anger,
brood 0 1 0 Anger,
grumpy 0 0 1 Anger,
sinner 0 0 1 Anger,
steamed 1 0 0 Anger,
money 0 0 1 Anger,
payback 0 0 1 Anger,
violent 1 0 1 Anger,
storming 0 0 1 Anger,
tirade 0 0 1 Anger,
death 0 0 1 Anger,
dauntless 1 0 0 Anger,
senseless 0 0 1 Anger,
subversion 0 0 1 Anger,
grating 0 0 1 Anger,
mournful 0 0 1 Anger,
mos 1 0 0 Anger,
offence 1 0 0 Anger,
snarl 0 0 1 Anger,
bandage 1 0 0 Anger,
detract 0 0 1 Anger,
confined 0 0 1 Anger,
mob 1 0 1 Anger,
execution 0 0 1 Anger,
disappointed 0 0 1 Anger,
grim 0 0 1 Anger,
standstill 0 0 1 Anger,
terrorize 0 0 1 Anger,
lightning 0 0 1 Anger,
wrongful 0 0 1 Anger,
oblivion 0 0 1 Anger,
robbery 0 0 1 Anger,
unassertive 0 1 0 Anger,
claw 0 0 1 Anger,
obstruct 0 0 1 Anger,
falsehood 0 0 1 Anger,
witchcraft 0 0 1 Anger,
imprisonment 0 0 1 Anger,
slavery 0 0 1 Anger,
explode 1 0 1 Anger,
perverse 0 0 1 Anger,
slaughtering 0 0 1 Anger,
renounce 0 0 1 Anger,
goofy 1 0 0 Anger,
compulsion 0 0 1 Anger,
biased 1 0 0 Anger,
disinformation 0 0 1 Anger,
strained 0 0 1 Anger,
slaughter 0 0 1 Anger,
disparaging 0 0 1 Anger,
broken 0 0 1 Anger,
despicable 0 0 1 Anger,
dastardly 0 0 1 Anger,
hectic 1 0 0 Anger,
stone 0 0 1 Anger,
chivy 1 0 0 Anger,
opium 0 0 1 Anger,
ace 1 0 0 Anger,
tease 1 0 1 Anger,
paralysis 0 0 1 Anger,
demonic 0 0 1 Anger,
assassin 0 0 1 Anger,
deranged 0 0 1 Anger,
vicar 1 0 0 Anger,
shoplifting 0 0 1 Anger,
cursed 0 0 1 Anger,
involvement 0 0 1 Anger,
homeless 0 0 1 Anger,
argumentation 0 0 1 Anger,
distracted 0 0 1 Anger,
madden 0 0 1 Anger,
racist 1 0 0 Anger,
grated 0 0 1 Anger,
dislocated 0 0 1 Anger,
hysterical 0 0 1 Anger,
gory 0 0 1 Anger,
fidgetiness 1 0 0 Anger,
gore 0 0 1 Anger,
elimination 0 0 1 Anger,
fraud 0 0 1 Anger,
annihilate 0 0 1 Anger,
rage 0 0 1 Anger,
dabbling 0 0 1 Anger,
extermination 0 0 1 Anger,
reprimand 0 0 1 Anger,
unfearing 1 0 0 Anger,
punitive 0 0 1 Anger,
gibberish 0 0 1 Anger,
powerless 0 0 1 Anger,
surly 0 0 1 Anger,
self-importance 1 0 0 Anger,
censor 0 0 1 Anger,
politics 0 0 1 Anger,
hound 1 0 0 Anger,
casualty 0 0 1 Anger,
selfish 1 0 1 Anger,
onerous 0 0 1 Anger,
deserve 0 0 1 Anger,
abolish 0 0 1 Anger,
disgraceful 0 0 1 Anger,
annex 1 0 0 Anger,
ferocity 0 0 1 Anger,
tackle 0 0 1 Anger,
slang 1 0 0 Anger,
grudge 0 0 1 Anger,
consternation 0 0 1 Anger,
infanticide 0 0 1 Anger,
disagreeing 0 0 1 Anger,
repay 0 0 1 Anger,
adam 1 0 0 Anger,
treason 0 0 1 Anger,
banishment 0 0 1 Anger,
growling 0 0 1 Anger,
lace 0 0 1 Anger,
pique 0 0 1 Anger,
dreadful 0 0 1 Anger,
catastrophe 1 0 1 Anger,
hunting 0 0 1 Anger,
fervor 0 0 1 Anger,
worse 1 0 0 Anger,
horror 0 0 1 Anger,
blockade 0 0 1 Anger,
psychologist 1 0 0 Anger,
rogue 1 0 0 Anger,
awful 0 0 1 Anger,
dictatorship 0 0 1 Anger,
celebrity 0 0 1 Anger,
harry 0 0 1 Anger,
disused 0 0 1 Anger,
manslaughter 0 0 1 Anger,
lawyer 0 0 1 Anger,
ribbon 0 0 1 Anger,
bully 0 0 1 Anger,
sue 0 0 1 Anger,
abc 1 0 0 Anger,
tussle 0 0 1 Anger,
darkness 0 0 1 Anger,
scorching 0 0 1 Anger,
poisonous 0 0 1 Anger,
rascal 0 0 1 Anger,
exasperation 0 0 1 Anger,
turmoil 1 0 1 Anger,
ferocious 0 0 1 Anger,
wrangling 0 0 1 Anger,
revenge 1 0 1 Anger,
disastrous 0 0 1 Anger,
hopelessness 0 0 1 Anger,
criminality 0 0 1 Anger,
sender 1 0 0 Anger,
difficulty 0 0 1 Anger,
enmity 0 0 1 Anger,
brutal 0 0 1 Anger,
soldier 0 0 1 Anger,
misery 0 0 1 Anger,
action 1 0 0 Anger,
raze 1 0 0 Anger,
toughness 0 0 1 Anger,
cowardly 1 0 0 Anger,
armed 0 0 1 Anger,
pulverize 1 0 0 Anger,
injure 0 0 1 Anger,
poodle 1 0 0 Anger,
libel 0 0 1 Anger,
furor 0 0 1 Anger,
injury 0 0 1 Anger,
unthinkable 0 0 1 Anger,
indenture 0 0 1 Anger,
domination 0 0 1 Anger,
rudeness 1 0 0 Anger,
fleece 0 0 1 Anger,
disquietude 1 0 0 Anger,
offender 1 0 1 Anger,
offended 0 0 1 Anger,
nine 1 0 0 Anger,
unfairness 0 0 1 Anger,
grope 0 0 1 Anger,
atrocious 0 1 1 Anger,
neglected 0 0 1 Anger,
tortious 0 0 1 Anger,
coerce 0 0 1 Anger,
scar 0 0 1 Anger,
condemn 0 0 1 Anger,
homicide 0 0 1 Anger,
court 0 0 1 Anger,
desperation 1 0 0 Anger,
unlucky 0 0 1 Anger,
reject 1 0 1 Anger,
stir 1 0 0 Anger,
detonation 0 0 1 Anger,
portray 1 0 0 Anger,
rude 1 0 0 Anger,
disgraced 0 0 1 Anger,
sneak 0 0 1 Anger,
idiocy 0 0 1 Anger,
terrorist 0 0 1 Anger,
numb 1 0 0 Anger,
invasion 0 0 1 Anger,
geometrical 1 0 0 Anger,
malevolent 0 0 1 Anger,
penitentiary 0 0 1 Anger,
humbug 0 0 1 Anger,
criticize 1 0 1 Anger,
spiteful 0 0 1 Anger,
mislead 1 0 1 Anger,
coal 1 0 0 Anger,
assailant 0 0 1 Anger,
deterioration 0 0 1 Anger,
usurped 0 0 1 Anger,
retaliate 0 0 1 Anger,
mexican 1 0 0 Anger,
bigoted 0 0 1 Anger,
enumeration 1 0 0 Anger,
hell 0 0 1 Anger,
arrogant 0 0 1 Anger,
bummer 1 0 1 Anger,
rabble 0 0 1 Anger,
clamor 1 0 1 Anger,
disquieted 1 1 0 Anger,
hurting 0 0 1 Anger,
disrespectful 0 0 1 Anger,
sucker 0 0 1 Anger,
misplace 1 0 1 Anger,
belittle 0 0 1 Anger,
complain 1 0 1 Anger,
restrict 1 0 0 Anger,
imprisoned 0 0 1 Anger,
evade 0 0 1 Anger,
inequality 0 0 1 Anger,
subjugation 0 0 1 Anger,
boisterous 0 0 1 Anger,
intolerable 0 1 1 Anger,
malfunction 1 0 0 Anger,
bickering 0 0 1 Anger,
irreconcilable 0 0 1 Anger,
inflict 0 0 1 Anger,
anarchy 0 0 1 Anger,
presumptuous 0 0 1 Anger,
disquiet 1 0 0 Anger,
dugout 1 0 0 Anger,
disobedience 0 0 1 Anger,
dictatorial 0 0 1 Anger,
misstatement 0 0 1 Anger,
paucity 0 0 1 Anger,
loafer 1 0 0 Anger,
reproach 0 0 1 Anger,
binoculars 1 0 0 Anger,
terrible 0 0 1 Anger,
prejudice 0 0 1 Anger,
threat 0 0 1 Anger,
consequence 1 0 0 Anger,
heartbeat 1 0 0 Anger,
corrupting 0 0 1 Anger,
perturb 0 1 0 Anger,
belligerent 0 0 1 Anger,
chevvy 1 0 0 Anger,
revolution 0 0 1 Anger,
wench 0 0 1 Anger,
legalized 0 0 1 Anger,
divorce 0 0 1 Anger,
edginess 0 1 0 Anger,
threatening 0 0 1 Anger,
doomsday 0 0 1 Anger,
storm 0 0 1 Anger,
pare 0 0 1 Anger,
fidget 1 1 0 Anger,
rifle 0 0 1 Anger,
inferno 1 0 1 Anger,
carnage 0 0 1 Anger,
diffusion 1 0 0 Anger,
ungrateful 0 0 1 Anger,
savagery 0 0 1 Anger,
annihilation 0 0 1 Anger,
executioner 0 0 1 Anger,
suspicious 0 0 1 Anger,
defect 0 0 1 Anger,
unjustifiable 0 0 1 Anger,
gall 0 0 1 Anger,
vulnerable 1 0 0 Anger,
lie 0 0 1 Anger,
jeopardize 0 0 1 Anger,
commotion 0 0 1 Anger,
tempest 0 0 1 Anger,
aggravating 0 0 1 Anger,
pillage 0 0 1 Anger,
eruption 0 0 1 Anger,
react 0 0 1 Anger,
plunder 0 0 1 Anger,
brooklyn 1 0 0 Anger,
adder 0 0 1 Anger,
unequal 0 0 1 Anger,
arson 0 0 1 Anger,
incase 0 0 1 Anger,
bugaboo 0 0 1 Anger,
actionable 0 0 1 Anger,
squelch 0 0 1 Anger,
saloon 0 0 1 Anger,
liberate 0 0 1 Anger,
attacking 0 0 1 Anger,
lying 0 0 1 Anger,
standoff 0 0 1 Anger,
despise 0 0 1 Anger,
vampire 0 0 1 Anger,
session 1 0 0 Anger,
malignant 0 0 1 Anger,
immaturity 0 0 1 Anger,
distressing 0 1 1 Anger,
delinquent 0 0 1 Anger,
unhappy 0 0 1 Anger,
penalty 1 0 1 Anger,
bastion 0 0 1 Anger,
betray 0 0 1 Anger,
fiend 0 0 1 Anger,
hardened 0 0 1 Anger,
indifference 0 0 1 Anger,
intractable 0 0 1 Anger,
devastate 0 0 1 Anger,
resent 0 0 1 Anger,
avarice 0 0 1 Anger,
batter 0 0 1 Anger,
pretending 0 0 1 Anger,
instinctive 0 0 1 Anger,
interminable 0 0 1 Anger,
cruelly 0 0 1 Anger,
enemy 0 0 1 Anger,
tumult 1 0 1 Anger,
retaliation 0 0 1 Anger,
remove 0 0 1 Anger,
poisoned 0 0 1 Anger,
insane 0 0 1 Anger,
disapproving 1 0 1 Anger,
overwhelm 1 0 0 Anger,
schizophrenia 0 0 1 Anger,
barb 0 0 1 Anger,
bark 0 0 1 Anger,
youth 0 0 1 Anger,
horrid 0 0 1 Anger,
wop 0 0 1 Anger,
nope 1 0 0 Anger,
berserk 0 0 1 Anger,
korea 1 0 0 Anger,
fidgety 1 0 0 Anger,
oppress 0 0 1 Anger,
opposition 1 0 1 Anger,
egotism 1 0 0 Anger,
carelessness 0 0 1 Anger,
lash 0 0 1 Anger,
clashing 0 0 1 Anger,
duplicity 0 0 1 Anger,
battery 0 0 1 Anger,
smother 0 0 1 Anger,
eviction 0 0 1 Anger,
rave 0 0 1 Anger,
belt 0 0 1 Anger,
worthless 0 0 1 Anger,
devil 0 0 1 Anger,
filth 1 0 0 Anger,
inadmissible 0 0 1 Anger,
damn 1 0 1 Anger,
mutiny 0 0 1 Anger,
threaten 1 0 1 Anger,
intrusive 0 0 1 Anger,
meeting 1 0 0 Anger,
dame 0 0 1 Anger,
pessimism 0 0 1 Anger,
cruelty 0 0 1 Anger,
dissension 0 0 1 Anger,
representative 1 0 0 Anger,
demand 0 0 1 Anger,
bile 0 0 1 Anger,
stolen 0 0 1 Anger,
uncertain 1 0 1 Anger,
conspirator 0 0 1 Anger,
socialist 0 0 1 Anger,
tolerate 0 0 1 Anger,
holocaust 0 0 1 Anger,
wimpy 0 0 1 Anger,
while 1 0 0 Anger,
fleet 1 0 0 Anger,
shoddy 0 0 1 Anger,
agitation 1 0 1 Anger,
moth 1 0 0 Anger,
violently 0 0 1 Anger,
antithesis 0 0 1 Anger,
demon 0 0 1 Anger,
rip 1 0 0 Anger,
hoax 0 0 1 Anger,
unafraid 1 0 0 Anger,
obstacle 0 0 1 Anger,
anguish 0 0 1 Anger,
riotous 0 0 1 Anger,
perpetrator 0 0 1 Anger,
dishonor 0 0 1 Anger,
butcher 0 0 1 Anger,
shackle 0 0 1 Anger,
firearms 0 0 1 Anger,
itchy 1 0 0 Anger,
conflict 1 0 1 Anger,
sham 0 0 1 Anger,
displeased 0 0 1 Anger,
restraint 1 0 0 Anger,
flurry 1 0 0 Anger,
rabid 0 0 1 Anger,
birch 1 0 1 Anger,
timid 0 1 0 Anger,
infamous 0 0 1 Anger,
loathsome 0 0 1 Anger,
edgy 0 1 0 Anger,
howl 0 0 1 Anger,
grievance 0 0 1 Anger,
vindictive 0 0 1 Anger,
segregate 0 0 1 Anger,
distracting 0 0 1 Anger,
irritable 0 0 1 Anger,
sandal 1 0 0 Anger,
cur 0 0 1 Anger,
depravity 0 0 1 Anger,
relevance 1 0 0 Anger,
brainstorm 1 0 0 Anger,
complaint 0 0 1 Anger,
expletive 0 0 1 Anger,
vindicate 0 0 1 Anger,
condemnation 0 0 1 Anger,
entangled 0 0 1 Anger,
lunacy 0 0 1 Anger,
moody 0 0 1 Anger,
blemish 0 0 1 Anger,
quietude 1 0 0 Anger,
spine 0 0 1 Anger,
confront 0 0 1 Anger,
pillar 1 0 0 Anger,
miffed 1 0 0 Anger,
strife 0 0 1 Anger,
distrust 0 0 1 Anger,
provoking 0 0 1 Anger,
wrecked 0 0 1 Anger,
martial 0 0 1 Anger,
mighty 0 0 1 Anger,
battalion 0 0 1 Anger,
savage 0 0 1 Anger,
pew 1 0 0 Anger,
simmer 0 0 1 Anger,
slash 0 0 1 Anger,
invade 1 0 1 Anger,
inimical 1 0 1 Anger,
rapping 0 0 1 Anger,
fee 0 0 1 Anger,
intense 1 0 1 Anger,
gnome 0 0 1 Anger,
constraint 0 0 1 Anger,
ordeal 0 0 1 Anger,
impermeable 0 0 1 Anger,
frightful 0 0 1 Anger,
ambush 0 0 1 Anger,
militia 0 0 1 Anger,
hatred 0 0 1 Anger,
encumbrance 0 0 1 Anger,
tiff 0 0 1 Anger,
conquest 0 0 1 Anger,
perturbing 1 0 0 Anger,
delusional 0 0 1 Anger,
bankruptcy 0 0 1 Anger,
poaching 0 0 1 Anger,
sneaky 1 0 0 Anger,
disallowed 0 0 1 Anger,
opponent 0 0 1 Anger,
blueprint 1 0 0 Anger,
sizzle 0 0 1 Anger,
litigate 0 0 1 Anger,
inept 0 0 1 Anger,
usurp 0 0 1 Anger,
forbidding 0 0 1 Anger,
warlike 0 0 1 Anger,
rejection 0 0 1 Anger,
psychosis 0 0 1 Anger,
slander 0 0 1 Anger,
depreciate 0 0 1 Anger,
aversion 1 0 1 Anger,
retaliatory 0 0 1 Anger,
freak 1 0 0 Anger,
raging 0 0 1 Anger,
stripped 0 0 1 Anger,
scrapie 0 0 1 Anger,
concealment 0 0 1 Anger,
intrepid 1 0 0 Anger,
nag 0 0 1 Anger,
objection 0 0 1 Anger,
dashed 0 0 1 Anger,
malicious 0 0 1 Anger,
electrical 1 0 0 Anger,
retract 0 0 1 Anger,
assassinate 0 0 1 Anger,
confine 1 0 1 Anger,
mock 1 0 0 Anger,
scapegoat 0 0 1 Anger,
wrongly 0 0 1 Anger,
excitation 0 0 1 Anger,
vehement 0 0 1 Anger,
backbone 0 0 1 Anger,
resign 0 0 1 Anger,
inflame 1 0 0 Anger,
suppression 0 0 1 Anger,
desert 0 0 1 Anger,
blend 1 0 0 Anger,
scream 1 0 1 Anger,
feud 0 0 1 Anger,
huff 0 0 1 Anger,
menace 0 0 1 Anger,
pervert 1 0 1 Anger,
effigy 0 0 1 Anger,
resistance 0 0 1 Anger,
gang 0 0 1 Anger,
birthplace 0 0 1 Anger,
concerned 0 1 0 Anger,
fenced 0 0 1 Anger,
mosque 0 0 1 Anger,
arrogance 1 0 0 Anger,
blaze 0 0 1 Anger,
dislike 1 0 1 Anger,
fatal 0 0 1 Anger,
chagrined 1 0 0 Anger,
murderous 0 0 1 Anger,
torture 0 0 1 Anger,
talons 0 0 1 Anger,
electron 1 0 0 Anger,
enslaved 0 0 1 Anger,
defamatory 0 0 1 Anger,
arrange 1 0 0 Anger,
homicidal 0 0 1 Anger,
shock 0 0 1 Anger,
anxious 0 1 0 Anger,
salivation 1 0 0 Anger,
enforce 0 0 1 Anger,
thespian 1 0 0 Anger,
disordered 1 0 0 Anger,
picket 0 0 1 Anger,
punishing 0 0 1 Anger,
malice 0 0 1 Anger,
odd 1 0 0 Anger,
poke 1 0 0 Anger,
bearish 0 0 1 Anger,
harassing 0 0 1 Anger,
fearlessness 1 0 0 Anger,
punch 1 0 1 Anger,
busy 0 1 0 Anger,
poverty 0 0 1 Anger,
tremor 0 0 1 Anger,
irritating 0 0 1 Anger,
uneasy 0 1 0 Anger,
chant 0 0 1 Anger,
gent 0 0 1 Anger,
danger 0 1 0 Anger,
disobey 0 0 1 Anger,
hardy 1 0 0 Anger,
dissonance 0 0 1 Anger,
illegal 0 0 1 Anger,
bitterly 0 0 1 Anger,
defendant 0 0 1 Anger,
impotence 0 0 1 Anger,
possession 0 0 1 Anger,
confiscate 0 0 1 Anger,
parliament 1 0 0 Anger,
equity 1 0 0 Anger,
sore 0 0 1 Anger,
insufficiency 0 0 1 Anger,
virulence 0 0 1 Anger,
antichrist 0 0 1 Anger,
unforgiving 0 0 1 Anger,
rivalry 0 0 1 Anger,
annoy 0 0 1 Anger,
challenge 0 0 1 Anger,
recession 0 0 1 Anger,
gruff 0 0 1 Anger,
nurture 0 0 1 Anger,
violence 1 0 1 Anger,
villain 1 0 0 Anger,
hit 1 0 1 Anger,
rape 1 0 1 Anger,
destroying 0 0 1 Anger,
boxing 0 0 1 Anger,
negation 0 0 1 Anger,
neurotic 0 1 0 Anger,
delay 0 0 1 Anger,
contempt 0 0 1 Anger,
furnace 0 0 1 Anger,
deplore 0 0 1 Anger,
sin 0 0 1 Anger,
tension 0 0 1 Anger,
furiously 0 0 1 Anger,
halter 0 0 1 Anger,
leukemia 0 0 1 Anger,
canker 0 0 1 Anger,
abuse 0 0 1 Anger,
fits 0 0 1 Anger,
foment 1 0 0 Anger,
capsule 1 0 0 Anger,
crazed 0 0 1 Anger,
alienation 0 0 1 Anger,
furious 0 0 1 Anger,
ignite 1 0 0 Anger,
theft 0 0 1 Anger,
tyrant 0 0 1 Anger,
badger 0 0 1 Anger,
subversive 0 0 1 Anger,
complicate 0 0 1 Anger,
blatant 0 0 1 Anger,
restrain 0 0 1 Anger,
lawlessness 0 0 1 Anger,
criminal 0 0 1 Anger,
lunatic 0 0 1 Anger,
orthodox 1 0 0 Anger,
cutting 0 0 1 Anger,
bothering 0 0 1 Anger,
discomfiture 0 1 0 Anger,
mastery 0 0 1 Anger,
immoral 0 0 1 Anger,
preclude 0 0 1 Anger,
muff 0 0 1 Anger,
shortage 0 0 1 Anger,
upward 1 0 0 Anger,
aggravated 0 0 1 Anger,
irritation 0 0 1 Anger,
irritability 0 0 1 Anger,
dismissal 0 0 1 Anger,
disarray 1 0 0 Anger,
unlawful 0 0 1 Anger,
chaos 0 1 1 Anger,
remiss 0 0 1 Anger,
venom 0 0 1 Anger,
burke 0 0 1 Anger,
intruder 0 0 1 Anger,
shun 0 0 1 Anger,
hostile 0 0 1 Anger,
illicit 0 0 1 Anger,
scare 0 0 1 Anger,
powerful 0 0 1 Anger,
brute 0 0 1 Anger,
bitch 0 0 1 Anger,
lagging 0 0 1 Anger,
cynical 1 0 0 Anger,
attack 0 0 1 Anger,
badness 0 0 1 Anger,
painful 0 0 1 Anger,
shell 0 0 1 Anger,
thresh 0 0 1 Anger,
manipulation 0 0 1 Anger,
morbidity 0 0 1 Anger,
ultimatum 0 0 1 Anger,
warfare 0 0 1 Anger,
egregious 0 0 1 Anger,
aggressor 0 0 1 Anger,
bee 0 0 1 Anger,
defense 0 0 1 Anger,
malpractice 0 0 1 Anger,
steep 1 0 0 Anger,
vengeful 0 0 1 Anger,
accusing 0 0 1 Anger,
fume 1 0 0 Anger,
thwarted 1 0 0 Anger,
fluctuation 0 0 1 Anger,
abomination 0 0 1 Anger,
torment 0 0 1 Anger,
disturbing 1 0 0 Anger,
demonstration 1 0 0 Anger,
unbearable 1 0 0 Anger,
afraid 0 1 0 Anger,
unsettled 0 0 1 Anger,
battled 0 0 1 Anger,
asshole 0 0 1 Anger,
trivia 1 0 0 Anger,
soar 1 0 0 Anger,
combat 1 0 1 Anger,
harmful 0 0 1 Anger,
offend 0 0 1 Anger,
vengeance 0 0 1 Anger,
prisoner 0 0 1 Anger,
nuisance 0 0 1 Anger,
bloodthirsty 0 0 1 Anger,
hypocrite 1 0 0 Anger,
explosive 0 0 1 Anger,
upset 0 1 1 Anger,
disease 0 0 1 Anger,
contemptuous 0 0 1 Anger,
violation 0 0 1 Anger,
perversion 0 0 1 Anger,
spanking 0 0 1 Anger,
traitor 1 0 1 Anger,
molest 1 0 0 Anger,
communism 0 0 1 Anger,
scorpion 0 0 1 Anger,
madman 0 0 1 Anger,
wreak 0 0 1 Anger,
solicitous 0 1 0 Anger,
oppressor 0 0 1 Anger,
jab 0 0 1 Anger,
forfeit 0 0 1 Anger,
mortality 0 0 1 Anger,
indignant 0 0 1 Anger,
prosecute 0 0 1 Anger,
antagonism 0 0 1 Anger,
massacre 0 0 1 Anger,
cranky 0 0 1 Anger,
bear 0 0 1 Anger,
contraband 0 0 1 Anger,
words 0 0 1 Anger,
wring 0 0 1 Anger,
antagonist 0 0 1 Anger,
endless 0 0 1 Anger,
smash 1 1 1 Anger,
contemptible 0 0 1 Anger,
ire 0 0 1 Anger,
juror 1 0 0 Anger,
allegation 0 0 1 Anger,
grab 0 0 1 Anger,
deceived 0 0 1 Anger,
accuser 0 0 1 Anger,
expel 0 0 1 Anger,
edition 1 0 0 Anger,
accused 0 0 1 Anger,
distract 1 0 0 Anger,
desperate 1 0 0 Anger,
incurable 0 0 1 Anger,
insulting 0 0 1 Anger,
brunt 0 0 1 Anger,
tend 1 0 0 Anger,
injustice 1 0 1 Anger,
horrible 0 0 1 Anger,
torpedo 0 0 1 Anger,
frustrated 0 0 1 Anger,
disgruntled 0 0 1 Anger,
derogatory 0 0 1 Anger,
jot 1 0 0 Anger,
eschew 0 0 1 Anger,
kicking 0 0 1 Anger,
crabby 0 0 1 Anger,
lawsuit 0 0 1 Anger,
memento 1 0 0 Anger,
profanity 0 0 1 Anger,
antisocial 0 0 1 Anger,
insidious 0 0 1 Anger,
busted 0 0 1 Anger,
cinder 1 0 0 Anger,
hamstring 0 0 1 Anger,
vent 0 0 1 Anger,
disservice 0 0 1 Anger,
teasing 0 0 1 Anger,
incest 0 0 1 Anger,
indict 0 0 1 Anger,
cynicism 1 0 0 Anger,
monstrosity 0 0 1 Anger,
accursed 0 0 1 Anger,
implicate 0 0 1 Anger,
inhale 1 0 0 Anger,
discrimination 0 0 1 Anger,
hellish 0 0 1 Anger,
treat 0 0 1 Anger,
bellows 0 0 1 Anger,
diversity 1 0 0 Anger,
thump 1 0 1 Anger,
hateful 0 0 1 Anger,
banish 0 0 1 Anger,
abandoned 0 0 1 Anger,
brat 1 0 0 Anger,
irate 0 0 1 Anger,
will 1 0 0 Anger,
venomous 0 0 1 Anger,
chaotic 0 0 1 Anger,
delusion 0 0 1 Anger,
disapprove 1 0 1 Anger,
thug 0 0 1 Anger,
wreck 0 0 1 Anger,
ransom 0 0 1 Anger,
shooting 0 0 1 Anger,
blasphemous 0 0 1 Anger,
radiation 1 0 0 Anger,
cross 1 0 1 Anger,
defiant 0 0 1 Anger,
adverse 0 0 1 Anger,
terrorism 1 0 1 Anger,
glaring 0 0 1 Anger,
difficult 1 1 0 Anger,
tighten 0 0 1 Anger,
slave 0 0 1 Anger,
disagree 0 0 1 Anger,
unsympathetic 0 0 1 Anger,
beast 0 0 1 Anger,
fierce 1 0 1 Anger,
destruction 0 0 1 Anger,
antsy 1 1 0 Anger,
acknowledgement 1 0 0 Anger,
fighting 0 0 1 Anger,
raving 0 0 1 Anger,
masochism 0 0 1 Anger,
unbridled 0 0 1 Anger,
rocket 0 0 1 Anger,
discord 0 0 1 Anger,
boot 1 0 0 Anger,
voltage 1 0 0 Anger,
distress 0 1 1 Anger,
smite 0 0 1 Anger,
disturbance 0 0 1 Anger,
scoundrel 0 0 1 Anger,
indignation 0 0 1 Anger,
kick 0 0 1 Anger,
taunt 0 0 1 Anger,
cutthroat 0 0 1 Anger,
crushed 0 0 1 Anger,
livid 0 0 1 Anger,
epidemic 0 0 1 Anger,
knot 1 0 0 Anger,
turbulence 0 0 1 Anger,
nanotechnology 1 0 0 Anger,
loss 0 0 1 Anger,
displaced 0 0 1 Anger,
renegade 0 0 1 Anger,
incendiary 0 0 1 Anger,
lose 0 0 1 Anger,
adversity 0 0 1 Anger,
glare 0 0 1 Anger,
flagrant 0 0 1 Anger,
thief 0 0 1 Anger,
ballot 1 0 0 Anger,
screwed 0 0 1 Anger,
blurry 1 0 0 Anger,
noise 1 0 0 Anger,
murderer 0 0 1 Anger,
slur 0 0 1 Anger,
combative 0 0 1 Anger,
slut 0 0 1 Anger,
prohibited 0 0 1 Anger,
adversary 0 0 1 Anger,
noisy 1 0 1 Anger,
retribution 0 0 1 Anger,
inconsiderate 0 0 1 Anger,
justin 1 0 0 Anger,
exacerbation 0 0 1 Anger,
sinister 0 0 1 Anger,
sectarian 0 0 1 Anger,
slayer 0 0 1 Anger,
tendonitis 1 0 0 Anger,
fear 0 0 1 Anger,
uncaring 0 0 1 Anger,
diabolical 0 0 1 Anger,
vulgarity 0 0 1 Anger,
obliterated 0 0 1 Anger,
dispossessed 0 0 1 Anger,
impatience 1 1 0 Anger,
disapproval 1 0 0 Anger,
frustration 0 0 1 Anger,
uncontrollable 0 0 1 Anger,
mutter 0 0 1 Anger,
plague 1 0 0 Anger,
wince 0 0 1 Anger,
assail 0 0 1 Anger,
dangerous 0 1 0 Anger,
reinforcement 1 0 0 Anger,
cruel 0 0 1 Anger,
horrific 0 0 1 Anger,
rubble 1 0 0 Anger,
crusade 0 0 1 Anger,
recklessness 0 0 1 Anger,
slaughterhouse 0 0 1 Anger,
deadly 0 0 1 Anger,
offensive 0 0 1 Anger,
fraudulent 0 0 1 Anger,
perdition 0 0 1 Anger,
reckless 0 0 1 Anger,
desecration 0 0 1 Anger,
traumatic 0 0 1 Anger,
oppression 0 0 1 Anger,
frustrate 0 0 1 Anger,
stab 0 0 1 Anger,
animosity 0 0 1 Anger,
yelp 0 0 1 Anger,
villainous 0 0 1 Anger,
yell 0 0 1 Anger,
caste 1 0 0 Anger,
abhor 0 0 1 Anger,
debenture 0 0 1 Anticipation,
diplomacy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
beware 0 0 1 Anticipation,
anticipate 0 1 0 Anticipation,
winnings 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mill 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rekindle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
competition 0 0 1 Anticipation,
conjure 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dreadful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prospectively 0 0 1 Anticipation,
anticipation 0 1 1 Anticipation,
depend 0 0 1 Anticipation,
buddy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hunting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sparkle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
wizard 0 0 1 Anticipation,
young 0 0 1 Anticipation,
countdown 0 0 1 Anticipation,
finally 0 0 1 Anticipation,
compensate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
regatta 0 0 1 Anticipation,
passion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
immature 0 0 1 Anticipation,
enjoying 0 0 1 Anticipation,
friendly 0 0 1 Anticipation,
conjecture 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rescue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
torture 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tribunal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
gravitate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
induce 0 1 0 Anticipation,
unbeaten 0 0 1 Anticipation,
candid 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tantalizing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
shiver 0 0 1 Anticipation,
recreation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dictatorship 0 0 1 Anticipation,
holiness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
proficiency 0 0 1 Anticipation,
celebrity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sanctify 0 0 1 Anticipation,
solution 0 1 0 Anticipation,
wait 0 0 1 Anticipation,
skewed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
anxious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
planning 0 0 1 Anticipation,
thermocouple 0 0 1 Anticipation,
outdo 0 0 1 Anticipation,
precursor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
triumph 0 0 1 Anticipation,
enjoy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
revolution 0 0 1 Anticipation,
neighborhood 0 0 1 Anticipation,
picket 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prediction 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ripen 0 0 1 Anticipation,
depraved 0 0 1 Anticipation,
crave 0 0 1 Anticipation,
reunion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ardent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
run 0 1 0 Anticipation,
tempest 0 0 1 Anticipation,
chuckle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
quicken 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hymn 0 0 1 Anticipation,
reconciliation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
poke 0 0 1 Anticipation,
zest 0 0 1 Anticipation,
clock 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sun 0 0 1 Anticipation,
jeopardy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
celebrated 0 0 1 Anticipation,
liberty 0 0 1 Anticipation,
consequent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
experiment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
absolute 0 1 0 Anticipation,
reconstruction 0 0 1 Anticipation,
appeal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
public 0 0 1 Anticipation,
alertness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
enthusiast 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hero 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cozy 0 1 0 Anticipation,
chicane 0 0 1 Anticipation,
earnestness 0 1 0 Anticipation,
inauguration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
kindred 0 0 1 Anticipation,
endanger 0 0 1 Anticipation,
explore 0 0 1 Anticipation,
healing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
teacher 0 1 0 Anticipation,
celebration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
enroll 0 0 1 Anticipation,
survivor 0 1 0 Anticipation,
brilliant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
chant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
elaborate 0 1 0 Anticipation,
proud 0 0 1 Anticipation,
airport 0 0 1 Anticipation,
superstitious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
permit 0 1 0 Anticipation,
unsurpassed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
salvation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
intrigue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cataract 0 0 1 Anticipation,
undying 0 0 1 Anticipation,
foresee 0 0 1 Anticipation,
addresses 0 0 1 Anticipation,
morals 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mediator 0 0 1 Anticipation,
confession 0 0 1 Anticipation,
apprehensive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
paragon 0 0 1 Anticipation,
extricate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
uphill 0 0 1 Anticipation,
patience 0 0 1 Anticipation,
thought 0 0 1 Anticipation,
verge 0 0 1 Anticipation,
legislator 0 1 0 Anticipation,
tickle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
attendance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lottery 0 0 1 Anticipation,
representing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
captivate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
destination 0 0 1 Anticipation,
germ 0 0 1 Anticipation,
predict 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mediate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
symphony 0 0 1 Anticipation,
morn 0 0 1 Anticipation,
recommend 0 1 0 Anticipation,
mysterious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sharpen 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prophylactic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
breathe 0 1 0 Anticipation,
dismay 0 0 1 Anticipation,
accuracy 0 1 0 Anticipation,
wary 0 1 0 Anticipation,
labyrinth 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expose 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sorcery 0 0 1 Anticipation,
award 0 0 1 Anticipation,
chocolate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
warn 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prophecy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hurry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
harvest 0 0 1 Anticipation,
blindfold 0 0 1 Anticipation,
glad 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unfulfilled 0 0 1 Anticipation,
abundance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
supremacy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
challenge 0 1 0 Anticipation,
cap 0 0 1 Anticipation,
worm 0 0 1 Anticipation,
advocacy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
huge 0 1 0 Anticipation,
vow 0 1 1 Anticipation,
install 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prophet 0 0 1 Anticipation,
embrace 0 0 1 Anticipation,
nurture 0 0 1 Anticipation,
arrive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
grin 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rehabilitation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
spy 0 1 0 Anticipation,
radiance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prosecute 0 1 0 Anticipation,
calculation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
climax 0 0 1 Anticipation,
share 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expectant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
atone 0 0 1 Anticipation,
caution 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fulfillment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
council 0 0 1 Anticipation,
spa 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cultivate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
serial 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unique(p) 0 1 0 Anticipation,
risk 0 0 1 Anticipation,
motion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
court 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inheritance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
savor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
imminent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
comfort 0 0 1 Anticipation,
shining 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inaugural 0 1 1 Anticipation,
foreseen 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prognosis 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fete 0 0 1 Anticipation,
punt 0 0 1 Anticipation,
worry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
maestro 0 1 0 Anticipation,
mutable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
peril 0 0 1 Anticipation,
navigable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
raffle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
maternal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
horizon 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prognostic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
aspiring 0 0 1 Anticipation,
farm 0 0 1 Anticipation,
uprising 0 0 1 Anticipation,
advice 0 1 0 Anticipation,
await 0 0 1 Anticipation,
praiseworthy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sophistication 0 1 0 Anticipation,
testament 0 0 1 Anticipation,
birthday 0 0 1 Anticipation,
adventure 0 0 1 Anticipation,
destined 0 0 1 Anticipation,
coming 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dove 0 0 1 Anticipation,
grow 0 0 1 Anticipation,
readiness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
attempt 0 0 1 Anticipation,
omen 0 0 1 Anticipation,
effective 0 1 0 Anticipation,
recombination 0 0 1 Anticipation,
applicant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
remedy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hypnotic 0 1 0 Anticipation,
scare 0 0 1 Anticipation,
nascent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
haste 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dread 0 0 1 Anticipation,
pay 0 1 1 Anticipation,
dream 0 1 0 Anticipation,
archaeology 0 0 1 Anticipation,
banger 0 0 1 Anticipation,
infant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
recurrent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
untold 0 0 1 Anticipation,
gradual 0 0 1 Anticipation,
shaky 0 0 1 Anticipation,
entity 0 1 0 Anticipation,
scientist 0 0 1 Anticipation,
responsive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cheerfulness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unverified 0 0 1 Anticipation,
perfect 0 0 1 Anticipation,
thrilling 0 0 1 Anticipation,
glide 0 0 1 Anticipation,
pray 0 0 1 Anticipation,
wishful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fix 0 1 0 Anticipation,
recreational 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ample 0 1 0 Anticipation,
labor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
attraction 0 1 0 Anticipation,
heroism 0 0 1 Anticipation,
production 0 0 1 Anticipation,
compelling 0 1 0 Anticipation,
mail 0 0 1 Anticipation,
clamor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bye 0 0 1 Anticipation,
work 0 1 0 Anticipation,
priesthood 0 0 1 Anticipation,
correspondence 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prosper 0 0 1 Anticipation,
glorify 0 0 1 Anticipation,
return 0 1 0 Anticipation,
fiesta 0 0 1 Anticipation,
commemorate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sweets 0 0 1 Anticipation,
kiss 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ambition 0 1 1 Anticipation,
towering 0 0 1 Anticipation,
courtship 0 0 1 Anticipation,
miracle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
instructions 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mystery 0 0 1 Anticipation,
progression 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fantasy 0 1 0 Anticipation,
opera 0 0 1 Anticipation,
undertaking 0 0 1 Anticipation,
university 0 0 1 Anticipation,
advent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bless 0 0 1 Anticipation,
merge 0 0 1 Anticipation,
delightful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
victory 0 0 1 Anticipation,
reasonable 0 1 0 Anticipation,
boisterous 0 0 1 Anticipation,
predilection 0 0 1 Anticipation,
promise 0 1 0 Anticipation,
marry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
luck 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expectancy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
improvise 0 0 1 Anticipation,
whim 0 0 1 Anticipation,
illuminate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lagging 0 0 1 Anticipation,
weight 0 0 1 Anticipation,
independent 0 1 0 Anticipation,
ejaculation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hurried 0 0 1 Anticipation,
engaging 0 1 0 Anticipation,
celebrating 0 0 1 Anticipation,
owing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expect 0 1 1 Anticipation,
begun 0 0 1 Anticipation,
probation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dawn 0 0 1 Anticipation,
recognizable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
transitional 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tabulate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
intended 0 0 1 Anticipation,
large 0 1 0 Anticipation,
ultimately 0 0 1 Anticipation,
network 0 0 1 Anticipation,
entertainment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
god 0 0 1 Anticipation,
horoscope 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unknown 0 0 1 Anticipation,
thirst 0 0 1 Anticipation,
commemorative 0 0 1 Anticipation,
investigation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
playground 0 0 1 Anticipation,
heavenly 0 0 1 Anticipation,
thriving 0 0 1 Anticipation,
receiving 0 0 1 Anticipation,
strategist 0 0 1 Anticipation,
independence 0 0 1 Anticipation,
theory 0 0 1 Anticipation,
revenge 0 0 1 Anticipation,
possibility 0 0 1 Anticipation,
pleasant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sonar 0 0 1 Anticipation,
oasis 0 0 1 Anticipation,
plea 0 0 1 Anticipation,
teach 0 1 0 Anticipation,
ominous 0 0 1 Anticipation,
craving 0 0 1 Anticipation,
care 0 1 0 Anticipation,
advance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unresolved 0 0 1 Anticipation,
eventuality 0 0 1 Anticipation,
launch 0 0 1 Anticipation,
overthrow 0 0 1 Anticipation,
success 0 1 1 Anticipation,
bridegroom 0 0 1 Anticipation,
winner 0 0 1 Anticipation,
audacity 0 1 0 Anticipation,
matchmaker 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expecting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
serenity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
invitation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
aspire 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hire 0 0 1 Anticipation,
designed 0 1 0 Anticipation,
curiosity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
probability 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prevail 0 0 1 Anticipation,
powerful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fancy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
linger 0 0 1 Anticipation,
transcendence 0 0 1 Anticipation,
intuitively 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unexpected 0 0 1 Anticipation,
stomp 0 1 0 Anticipation,
long 0 0 1 Anticipation,
craps 0 0 1 Anticipation,
vote 0 0 1 Anticipation,
picnic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
navigator 0 0 1 Anticipation,
quality 0 1 0 Anticipation,
tomorrow 0 0 1 Anticipation,
arbitration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unexplained 0 0 1 Anticipation,
basketball 0 0 1 Anticipation,
betrothed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
festival 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bloom 0 0 1 Anticipation,
top 0 1 1 Anticipation,
revive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
renovation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
doomsday 0 0 1 Anticipation,
conservation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
draft 0 0 1 Anticipation,
chastity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
saint 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bounty 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prescient 0 0 1 Anticipation,
white 0 0 1 Anticipation,
congress 0 1 0 Anticipation,
store 0 0 1 Anticipation,
pare 0 0 1 Anticipation,
grandchildren 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sweet 0 0 1 Anticipation,
loom 0 0 1 Anticipation,
direct 0 1 0 Anticipation,
credibility 0 1 0 Anticipation,
accompaniment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
favorable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
vindication 0 0 1 Anticipation,
elite 0 0 1 Anticipation,
gambler 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inventor 0 1 0 Anticipation,
kind 0 1 0 Anticipation,
anxiety 0 0 1 Anticipation,
orgasm 0 0 1 Anticipation,
roulette 0 0 1 Anticipation,
magnet 0 1 0 Anticipation,
aspiration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tree 0 0 1 Anticipation,
erotic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
optimism 0 0 1 Anticipation,
preparation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bride 0 0 1 Anticipation,
defense 0 0 1 Anticipation,
marriage 0 0 1 Anticipation,
deserving 0 1 0 Anticipation,
lover 0 0 1 Anticipation,
feeling 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fermentation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
risky 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unaccountable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
angel 0 0 1 Anticipation,
outstanding 0 1 0 Anticipation,
honeymoon 0 0 1 Anticipation,
obliging 0 0 1 Anticipation,
guillotine 0 0 1 Anticipation,
suspense 0 1 1 Anticipation,
engulf 0 0 1 Anticipation,
pry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fain 0 0 1 Anticipation,
preservative 0 0 1 Anticipation,
litigate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
flirt 0 0 1 Anticipation,
heft 0 0 1 Anticipation,
adrift 0 0 1 Anticipation,
efficient 0 0 1 Anticipation,
speculative 0 0 1 Anticipation,
olfactory 0 0 1 Anticipation,
elegance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
onset 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fitting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ribbon 0 0 1 Anticipation,
scrutinize 0 0 1 Anticipation,
objective 0 0 1 Anticipation,
succeeding 0 0 1 Anticipation,
seductive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
visor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ultimate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
commonplace 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hankering 0 0 1 Anticipation,
timidity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
track 0 0 1 Anticipation,
quote 0 0 1 Anticipation,
detainee 0 0 1 Anticipation,
reach 0 1 0 Anticipation,
simplify 0 0 1 Anticipation,
plan 0 0 1 Anticipation,
letter 0 0 1 Anticipation,
preliminary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
emancipation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
laughter 0 0 1 Anticipation,
medal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
diversify 0 1 0 Anticipation,
achievement 0 0 1 Anticipation,
glow 0 0 1 Anticipation,
salary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
practise 0 0 1 Anticipation,
reward 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mobile 0 0 1 Anticipation,
medical 0 0 1 Anticipation,
humanitarian 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hungry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
treaty 0 1 0 Anticipation,
charitable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
digress 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sunset 0 0 1 Anticipation,
weigh 0 0 1 Anticipation,
entertaining 0 0 1 Anticipation,
liberate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ordination 0 0 1 Anticipation,
nobility 0 0 1 Anticipation,
antibiotic 0 1 0 Anticipation,
sanctuary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inspire 0 0 1 Anticipation,
voyage 0 0 1 Anticipation,
determinate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rapture 0 0 1 Anticipation,
visitor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
able 0 1 0 Anticipation,
precarious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
watch 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bright 0 1 0 Anticipation,
lettered 0 0 1 Anticipation,
uneasiness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
paddle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sundial 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sneaking 0 0 1 Anticipation,
immaturity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
feat 0 0 1 Anticipation,
make 0 1 0 Anticipation,
completion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
opponent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
submit 0 0 1 Anticipation,
latent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
justice 0 1 0 Anticipation,
nervous 0 0 1 Anticipation,
treasure 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hopeful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
refreshment 0 1 0 Anticipation,
victor 0 1 0 Anticipation,
liberation 0 1 1 Anticipation,
pretty 0 0 1 Anticipation,
invocation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
enthusiasm 0 0 1 Anticipation,
flinch 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hope 0 0 1 Anticipation,
plump 0 0 1 Anticipation,
jackpot 0 0 1 Anticipation,
affirm 0 1 0 Anticipation,
undecided 0 0 1 Anticipation,
invoke 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rejoicing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
secular 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sunny 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expectation 0 1 1 Anticipation,
leisure 0 0 1 Anticipation,
likely 0 1 0 Anticipation,
consecration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
meditate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
perfection 0 0 1 Anticipation,
reconstruct 0 0 1 Anticipation,
interminable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
banquet 0 0 1 Anticipation,
firstborn 0 0 1 Anticipation,
volatility 0 0 1 Anticipation,
closure 0 0 1 Anticipation,
harbinger 0 0 1 Anticipation,
immerse 0 0 1 Anticipation,
organ 0 0 1 Anticipation,
saliva 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hype 0 0 1 Anticipation,
uncover 0 1 0 Anticipation,
enchant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
worrying 0 0 1 Anticipation,
vision 0 0 1 Anticipation,
approaching 0 0 1 Anticipation,
happen 0 0 1 Anticipation,
withstand 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cramp 0 0 1 Anticipation,
art 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sensuality 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fair 0 1 0 Anticipation,
excavation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unpublished 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lawgiver 0 1 0 Anticipation,
sex 0 0 1 Anticipation,
edition 0 0 1 Anticipation,
allure 0 0 1 Anticipation,
simmering 0 0 1 Anticipation,
result 0 0 1 Anticipation,
localize 0 0 1 Anticipation,
changeable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
foresight 0 0 1 Anticipation,
spirits 0 0 1 Anticipation,
incite 0 0 1 Anticipation,
familiarity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
stealthy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
forecast 0 0 1 Anticipation,
genius 0 1 0 Anticipation,
woo 0 1 0 Anticipation,
score 0 1 1 Anticipation,
impending 0 0 1 Anticipation,
progress 0 1 1 Anticipation,
compliment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
arrival 0 0 1 Anticipation,
accord 0 1 0 Anticipation,
explosive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
excessive 0 1 0 Anticipation,
importance 0 1 1 Anticipation,
complement 0 0 1 Anticipation,
retirement 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hypothesis 0 0 1 Anticipation,
devout 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unfold 0 0 1 Anticipation,
distinguish 0 1 0 Anticipation,
police 0 1 0 Anticipation,
dutiful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
angling 0 0 1 Anticipation,
improve 0 0 1 Anticipation,
providing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
acquiring 0 0 1 Anticipation,
frisky 0 0 1 Anticipation,
astrologer 0 0 1 Anticipation,
career 0 0 1 Anticipation,
matrimony 0 0 1 Anticipation,
broadside 0 0 1 Anticipation,
space 0 1 0 Anticipation,
drug 0 1 0 Anticipation,
display 0 1 0 Anticipation,
admit 0 1 0 Anticipation,
succeed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
predispose 0 0 1 Anticipation,
proactive 0 1 0 Anticipation,
buzz 0 0 1 Anticipation,
spear 0 0 1 Anticipation,
supply 0 1 0 Anticipation,
simple 0 1 0 Anticipation,
foreboding 0 0 1 Anticipation,
habitual 0 0 1 Anticipation,
epidemic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
walk 0 1 0 Anticipation,
commend 0 1 0 Anticipation,
anticipatory 0 0 1 Anticipation,
preparedness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dietary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
master 0 1 0 Anticipation,
church 0 0 1 Anticipation,
majestic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
respect 0 0 1 Anticipation,
endeavor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mortification 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cliff-hanging 0 1 0 Anticipation,
precious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
devil 0 0 1 Anticipation,
exalt 0 0 1 Anticipation,
forearm 0 0 1 Anticipation,
creativity 0 1 0 Anticipation,
immortality 0 0 1 Anticipation,
punished 0 0 1 Anticipation,
treat 0 0 1 Anticipation,
peaceful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expected 0 0 1 Anticipation,
threaten 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lovely 0 0 1 Anticipation,
exhaustion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
vigilance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sweetheart 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ram 0 0 1 Anticipation,
resultant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
champion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sufficient 0 1 0 Anticipation,
blessing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
excite 0 0 1 Anticipation,
overture 0 0 1 Anticipation,
neighbor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
child 0 0 1 Anticipation,
instructor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
present 0 0 1 Anticipation,
volunteer 0 0 1 Anticipation,
holiday 0 0 1 Anticipation,
conspirator 0 0 1 Anticipation,
judicial 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tip 0 1 0 Anticipation,
lessen 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cash 0 0 1 Anticipation,
intimately 0 0 1 Anticipation,
auction 0 0 1 Anticipation,
negociate 0 1 0 Anticipation,
ongoing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fun 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lull 0 0 1 Anticipation,
perpetuate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
midwife 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ripe 0 1 0 Anticipation,
crowning 0 0 1 Anticipation,
engaged 0 0 1 Anticipation,
surprisingly 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tease 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lust 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ecstasy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
regularity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
good 0 0 1 Anticipation,
frantic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ready 0 0 1 Anticipation,
amour 0 0 1 Anticipation,
uplift 0 0 1 Anticipation,
edification 0 0 1 Anticipation,
develop 0 0 1 Anticipation,
spectacular 0 0 1 Anticipation,
grant 0 1 1 Anticipation,
concealment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
preparatory 0 0 1 Anticipation,
headlight 0 0 1 Anticipation,
administration 0 1 0 Anticipation,
romance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
shackle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inquiry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sensual 0 0 1 Anticipation,
revival 0 0 1 Anticipation,
soundness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prerequisite 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sterling 0 0 1 Anticipation,
youth 0 0 1 Anticipation,
balm 0 0 1 Anticipation,
infinity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
mountain 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bonus 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hunter 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rail 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cement 0 0 1 Anticipation,
alert 0 1 0 Anticipation,
delight 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rabid 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fierce 0 1 0 Anticipation,
cheery 0 0 1 Anticipation,
opportunity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
enchanting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
longing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
shortly 0 0 1 Anticipation,
center 0 1 0 Anticipation,
earnest 0 1 0 Anticipation,
failing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
suspicious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
magical 0 0 1 Anticipation,
theology 0 0 1 Anticipation,
morrow 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cheer 0 0 1 Anticipation,
quest 0 0 1 Anticipation,
deserve 0 0 1 Anticipation,
organization 0 0 1 Anticipation,
strive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
raving 0 0 1 Anticipation,
musical 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prevention 0 0 1 Anticipation,
peace 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unbridled 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sentence 0 0 1 Anticipation,
money 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bruise 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rest 0 1 0 Anticipation,
distracting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
interim 0 0 1 Anticipation,
depart 0 0 1 Anticipation,
plight 0 0 1 Anticipation,
commemoration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
happiness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
secure 0 1 0 Anticipation,
announcement 0 0 1 Anticipation,
death 0 0 1 Anticipation,
diachronic 0 1 0 Anticipation,
mother 0 0 1 Anticipation,
efficacious 0 1 0 Anticipation,
aloha 0 0 1 Anticipation,
adventurous 0 1 0 Anticipation,
eager 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
board 0 0 1 Anticipation,
continuation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
hap 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bridal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
possess 0 0 1 Anticipation,
excited 0 0 1 Anticipation,
momentum 0 0 1 Anticipation,
swim 0 0 1 Anticipation,
wont 0 0 1 Anticipation,
elevation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dignity 0 1 0 Anticipation,
professionalism 0 1 0 Anticipation,
punctual 0 0 1 Anticipation,
condemnation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
judiciary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
auspicious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
discreet 0 0 1 Anticipation,
unification 0 0 1 Anticipation,
birth 0 0 1 Anticipation,
immediately 0 0 1 Anticipation,
recipient 0 0 1 Anticipation,
grim 0 0 1 Anticipation,
dare 0 0 1 Anticipation,
thrill 0 0 1 Anticipation,
acute 0 1 0 Anticipation,
fortune 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inviting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
gift 0 0 1 Anticipation,
subscribe 0 0 1 Anticipation,
zeal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
starry 0 0 1 Anticipation,
seek 0 0 1 Anticipation,
clown 0 0 1 Anticipation,
audience 0 0 1 Anticipation,
continue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
splendor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prologue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
security 0 1 0 Anticipation,
passionate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
clap 0 0 1 Anticipation,
virginity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
crescendo 0 0 1 Anticipation,
exceed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
right 0 1 0 Anticipation,
parade 0 0 1 Anticipation,
deal 0 0 1 Anticipation,
veracity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
magnificent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
alive 0 0 1 Anticipation,
urgent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
astronomer 0 0 1 Anticipation,
accelerate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
escape 0 1 1 Anticipation,
dear 0 1 0 Anticipation,
tremor 0 0 1 Anticipation,
fanfare 0 0 1 Anticipation,
wireless 0 0 1 Anticipation,
basic 0 1 0 Anticipation,
proceeding 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ecstatic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lead 0 1 0 Anticipation,
synchronize 0 0 1 Anticipation,
notification 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cradle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
discretion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
simmer 0 0 1 Anticipation,
treadmill 0 0 1 Anticipation,
worship 0 0 1 Anticipation,
saintly 0 0 1 Anticipation,
visionary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
patient 0 0 1 Anticipation,
contingent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
voluptuous 0 0 1 Anticipation,
intimate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
monetary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
concealed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
offset 0 0 1 Anticipation,
germination 0 0 1 Anticipation,
exciting 0 0 1 Anticipation,
perilous 0 0 1 Anticipation,
trophy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
faith 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cautious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
restlessness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
contagion 0 0 1 Anticipation,
completing 0 0 1 Anticipation,
paralysis 0 0 1 Anticipation,
graduation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
noncompliance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
blessings 0 0 1 Anticipation,
biennial 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cherish 0 0 1 Anticipation,
princely 0 0 1 Anticipation,
tributary 0 0 1 Anticipation,
revise 0 1 0 Anticipation,
revere 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bugle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
alliance 0 1 0 Anticipation,
wilderness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
undervalue 0 1 0 Anticipation,
antidote 0 0 1 Anticipation,
bountiful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
delighted 0 0 1 Anticipation,
vacation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
renovate 0 0 1 Anticipation,
guard 0 1 0 Anticipation,
rising 0 0 1 Anticipation,
homeless 0 0 1 Anticipation,
lesson 0 0 1 Anticipation,
batch 0 1 0 Anticipation,
surround 0 0 1 Anticipation,
signify 0 0 1 Anticipation,
rejoice 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prepare 0 0 1 Anticipation,
warned 0 0 1 Anticipation,
available 0 1 0 Anticipation,
disposed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
errand 0 0 1 Anticipation,
start 0 0 1 Anticipation,
grasping 0 0 1 Anticipation,
utopian 0 0 1 Anticipation,
glimmer 0 0 1 Anticipation,
uncontrollable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
happy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
undisclosed 0 0 1 Anticipation,
head 0 1 0 Anticipation,
prophetic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
invite 0 0 1 Anticipation,
forming 0 0 1 Anticipation,
sequel 0 0 1 Anticipation,
delivery 0 0 1 Anticipation,
poet 0 1 0 Anticipation,
neutral 0 0 1 Anticipation,
gain 0 0 1 Anticipation,
convergence 0 0 1 Anticipation,
attainable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
highest 0 0 1 Anticipation,
analyst 0 0 1 Anticipation,
duel 0 0 1 Anticipation,
romantic 0 0 1 Anticipation,
glory 0 0 1 Anticipation,
top(a) 0 1 0 Anticipation,
intermission 0 0 1 Anticipation,
triumphant 0 0 1 Anticipation,
excitement 0 0 1 Anticipation,
generosity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
convince 0 0 1 Anticipation,
adore 0 0 1 Anticipation,
perpetuity 0 0 1 Anticipation,
boomerang 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inoculation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
creeping 0 0 1 Anticipation,
deliverance 0 0 1 Anticipation,
passenger 0 0 1 Anticipation,
celestial 0 0 1 Anticipation,
eagerness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
brotherly 0 0 1 Anticipation,
expedition 0 0 1 Anticipation,
stripped 0 0 1 Anticipation,
restorative 0 0 1 Anticipation,
proper 0 1 0 Anticipation,
goodness 0 0 1 Anticipation,
shopping 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ship 0 0 1 Anticipation,
evocative 0 1 0 Anticipation,
divination 0 0 1 Anticipation,
denying 0 0 1 Anticipation,
authority 0 1 0 Anticipation,
cream 0 0 1 Anticipation,
high 0 1 0 Anticipation,
beaming 0 0 1 Anticipation,
eventual 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ballot 0 0 1 Anticipation,
alerts 0 0 1 Anticipation,
excel 0 0 1 Anticipation,
repay 0 0 1 Anticipation,
forewarned 0 0 1 Anticipation,
successful 0 0 1 Anticipation,
luscious 0 0 1 Anticipation,
winning 0 0 1 Anticipation,
witness 0 1 0 Anticipation,
income 0 0 1 Anticipation,
ferment 0 0 1 Anticipation,
gambling 0 0 1 Anticipation,
puppy 0 0 1 Anticipation,
heyday 0 0 1 Anticipation,
booming 0 1 0 Anticipation,
venerable 0 0 1 Anticipation,
star 0 0 1 Anticipation,
excitation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
heir 0 1 0 Anticipation,
football 0 0 1 Anticipation,
cove 0 0 1 Anticipation,
prepared 0 0 1 Anticipation,
seriousness 0 1 0 Anticipation,
trepidation 0 0 1 Anticipation,
journey 0 0 1 Anticipation,
vigil 0 0 1 Anticipation,
magnificence 0 0 1 Anticipation,
clue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
inspiration 0 0 1 Anticipation,
undoubted 0 0 1 Anticipation,
arouse 0 0 1 Anticipation,
calls 0 0 1 Anticipation,
infanticide 0 0 1 Anticipation,
yearning 0 0 1 Anticipation,
twinkle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
exigent 0 0 1 Anticipation,
daily 0 0 1 Anticipation,
impatient 0 0 1 Anticipation,
worth(p) 0 1 0 Anticipation,
accolade 0 0 1 Anticipation,
urgency 0 0 1 Anticipation,
diagnosis 0 0 1 Anticipation,
time 0 0 1 Anticipation,
oracle 0 0 1 Anticipation,
serious 0 1 0 Anticipation,
parole 0 0 1 Anticipation,
overdue 0 0 1 Anticipation,
limited 0 1 0 Disgust,
suicidal 0 0 1 Disgust,
vermin 0 0 1 Disgust,
foul 0 0 1 Disgust,
protest 0 1 0 Disgust,
huffy 0 1 0 Disgust,
perverted 0 0 1 Disgust,
hanging 0 0 1 Disgust,
hate 0 1 1 Disgust,
defraud 0 0 1 Disgust,
spew 0 0 1 Disgust,
scold 0 0 1 Disgust,
venom 0 0 1 Disgust,
patched 0 1 0 Disgust,
lord 0 0 1 Disgust,
cast-off(a) 0 1 0 Disgust,
smack 0 1 0 Disgust,
soiled 0 0 1 Disgust,
screaming 0 0 1 Disgust,
abhorrence 0 1 0 Disgust,
parrot 0 0 1 Disgust,
pique 0 1 0 Disgust,
commute 0 1 0 Disgust,
deplorable 0 0 1 Disgust,
degeneracy 0 0 1 Disgust,
speck 0 0 1 Disgust,
tired 0 1 0 Disgust,
depraved 0 0 1 Disgust,
guillotine 0 0 1 Disgust,
sterile 0 1 0 Disgust,
loathing 0 0 1 Disgust,
incompatible 0 1 1 Disgust,
ruthless 0 0 1 Disgust,
poison 0 0 1 Disgust,
aggression 0 1 0 Disgust,
toll 0 1 0 Disgust,
crouch 0 1 0 Disgust,
repugnance 0 1 0 Disgust,
asymmetry 0 0 1 Disgust,
aftermath 0 0 1 Disgust,
ridicule 0 0 1 Disgust,
harass 0 0 1 Disgust,
depreciated 0 0 1 Disgust,
smoke 0 1 0 Disgust,
military 0 1 0 Disgust,
punishment 0 0 1 Disgust,
disability 0 1 0 Disgust,
shun 0 0 1 Disgust,
lavatory 0 0 1 Disgust,
overheat 0 1 0 Disgust,
cannibal 0 0 1 Disgust,
insult 0 0 1 Disgust,
strike 0 1 0 Disgust,
playboy 0 1 0 Disgust,
wart 0 0 1 Disgust,
phony 0 0 1 Disgust,
side(a) 0 1 0 Disgust,
hole 0 1 0 Disgust,
tariff 0 0 1 Disgust,
abundance 0 0 1 Disgust,
hoax 0 0 1 Disgust,
rook 0 0 1 Disgust,
worn 0 1 0 Disgust,
genitalia 0 1 0 Disgust,
daft 0 0 1 Disgust,
exploitative 0 1 0 Disgust,
disillusionment 0 0 1 Disgust,
serpent 0 0 1 Disgust,
malign 0 0 1 Disgust,
maleficent 0 1 0 Disgust,
loathe 0 0 1 Disgust,
hog 0 0 1 Disgust,
end 0 1 0 Disgust,
illicit 0 0 1 Disgust,
damage 0 1 1 Disgust,
debauchery 0 0 1 Disgust,
toxic 0 0 1 Disgust,
disappoint 0 0 1 Disgust,
swine 0 0 1 Disgust,
mess 0 1 1 Disgust,
insecure 0 1 0 Disgust,
vicious 0 0 1 Disgust,
wrong 0 1 0 Disgust,
lesbian 0 0 1 Disgust,
alienate 0 0 1 Disgust,
sickening 0 0 1 Disgust,
green 0 1 0 Disgust,
atrocity 0 0 1 Disgust,
greed 0 0 1 Disgust,
deform 0 0 1 Disgust,
claimant 0 0 1 Disgust,
shorten 0 1 0 Disgust,
sickly 0 0 1 Disgust,
ghastly 0 0 1 Disgust,
sludge 0 0 1 Disgust,
misconduct 0 0 1 Disgust,
strangle 0 0 1 Disgust,
digest 0 1 0 Disgust,
estrange 0 1 0 Disgust,
fit 0 1 0 Disgust,
polygamy 0 0 1 Disgust,
tramp 0 0 1 Disgust,
stalemate 0 0 1 Disgust,
litigious 0 0 1 Disgust,
powerful 0 0 1 Disgust,
bane 0 0 1 Disgust,
bang 0 1 1 Disgust,
disreputable 0 0 1 Disgust,
stinking 0 0 1 Disgust,
gluttony 0 0 1 Disgust,
mistrust 0 0 1 Disgust,
averse 0 0 1 Disgust,
constipation 0 0 1 Disgust,
spider 0 0 1 Disgust,
stealing 0 0 1 Disgust,
goo 0 0 1 Disgust,
revolting 0 0 1 Disgust,
unready 0 1 0 Disgust,
carcass 0 0 1 Disgust,
fugitive 0 0 1 Disgust,
coldhearted 0 1 0 Disgust,
mistress 0 0 1 Disgust,
greasy 0 0 1 Disgust,
drench 0 1 0 Disgust,
louse 0 0 1 Disgust,
unappreciative 0 1 0 Disgust,
loud 0 1 0 Disgust,
regurgitation 0 0 1 Disgust,
lividity 0 1 0 Disgust,
disfigured 0 0 1 Disgust,
hoot 0 0 1 Disgust,
restrict 0 1 0 Disgust,
hood 0 0 1 Disgust,
sarcasm 0 0 1 Disgust,
airs 0 0 1 Disgust,
critter 0 0 1 Disgust,
john 0 0 1 Disgust,
duress 0 0 1 Disgust,
illiterate 0 1 1 Disgust,
collapse 0 0 1 Disgust,
mutilated 0 0 1 Disgust,
palsy 0 0 1 Disgust,
wasted 0 0 1 Disgust,
crawl 0 0 1 Disgust,
affront 0 0 1 Disgust,
coward 0 0 1 Disgust,
tree 0 0 1 Disgust,
bitterness 0 0 1 Disgust,
guilt 0 0 1 Disgust,
painful 0 0 1 Disgust,
feeling 0 0 1 Disgust,
donkey 0 0 1 Disgust,
huffish 0 1 0 Disgust,
untrained 0 1 0 Disgust,
antagonistic 0 0 1 Disgust,
rat 0 0 1 Disgust,
horde 0 1 0 Disgust,
desist 0 0 1 Disgust,
curfew 0 1 0 Disgust,
worsening 0 0 1 Disgust,
autopsy 0 0 1 Disgust,
inexcusable 0 0 1 Disgust,
prostitute 0 1 1 Disgust,
classicist 0 1 0 Disgust,
devastating 0 0 1 Disgust,
rancid 0 0 1 Disgust,
nettle 0 0 1 Disgust,
swamp 0 0 1 Disgust,
ridiculous 0 0 1 Disgust,
flog 0 0 1 Disgust,
repudiation 0 0 1 Disgust,
fussy 0 0 1 Disgust,
discontent 0 0 1 Disgust,
overpriced 0 0 1 Disgust,
ulcer 0 0 1 Disgust,
queer 0 1 0 Disgust,
lethal 0 0 1 Disgust,
finally 0 0 1 Disgust,
latent 0 0 1 Disgust,
wasteful 0 0 1 Disgust,
varicella 0 0 1 Disgust,
blighted 0 0 1 Disgust,
disgust 0 1 1 Disgust,
ashamed(p) 0 1 0 Disgust,
dabbling 0 0 1 Disgust,
hostility 0 1 1 Disgust,
smut 0 0 1 Disgust,
denounce 0 0 1 Disgust,
frowning 0 0 1 Disgust,
shutting 0 1 0 Disgust,
reversal 0 0 1 Disgust,
nasty 0 1 1 Disgust,
uncleanliness 0 1 0 Disgust,
collusion 0 0 1 Disgust,
idiotic 0 0 1 Disgust,
illegitimate 0 0 1 Disgust,
bad 0 1 1 Disgust,
isolation 0 1 0 Disgust,
crucifixion 0 0 1 Disgust,
steal 0 1 0 Disgust,
unworthy 0 0 1 Disgust,
disaster 0 0 1 Disgust,
dislikable 0 1 0 Disgust,
arrant(a) 0 1 0 Disgust,
fail 0 1 0 Disgust,
miserable 0 0 1 Disgust,
inappropriate 0 1 1 Disgust,
artificial 0 1 0 Disgust,
unable 0 1 0 Disgust,
contraband 0 0 1 Disgust,
unconscionable 0 0 1 Disgust,
misguided 0 0 1 Disgust,
infidel 0 0 1 Disgust,
disagreeableness 0 1 0 Disgust,
confusion 0 1 0 Disgust,
weak 0 1 0 Disgust,
termite 0 0 1 Disgust,
contamination 0 0 1 Disgust,
disdain 0 0 1 Disgust,
excrement 0 0 1 Disgust,
ill 0 0 1 Disgust,
bran 0 0 1 Disgust,
obscenity 0 0 1 Disgust,
freakish 0 0 1 Disgust,
epidemic 0 0 1 Disgust,
illness 0 1 0 Disgust,
smuggler 0 0 1 Disgust,
deleterious 0 0 1 Disgust,
pregnancy 0 0 1 Disgust,
arsenic 0 0 1 Disgust,
hag 0 0 1 Disgust,
copycat 0 0 1 Disgust,
trickery 0 0 1 Disgust,
eradication 0 0 1 Disgust,
shout 0 1 0 Disgust,
muck 0 0 1 Disgust,
obese 0 0 1 Disgust,
spit 0 0 1 Disgust,
beastly 0 0 1 Disgust,
slap 0 1 0 Disgust,
unpopular 0 1 1 Disgust,
inhibit 0 0 1 Disgust,
sly 0 0 1 Disgust,
pungent 0 0 1 Disgust,
contemn 0 1 0 Disgust,
lesser 0 0 1 Disgust,
ugly 0 1 1 Disgust,
leprosy 0 0 1 Disgust,
thrash 0 0 1 Disgust,
mangle 0 0 1 Disgust,
mistake 0 1 0 Disgust,
stink 0 0 1 Disgust,
sulk 0 1 0 Disgust,
separatist 0 0 1 Disgust,
shame 0 1 1 Disgust,
dizzy 0 1 0 Disgust,
wound 0 1 0 Disgust,
rebellion 0 0 1 Disgust,
complex 0 1 0 Disgust,
contaminate 0 0 1 Disgust,
unconcern 0 1 0 Disgust,
lusty 0 0 1 Disgust,
olive-drab 0 1 0 Disgust,
vulture 0 0 1 Disgust,
evil 0 0 1 Disgust,
misconstrue 0 1 0 Disgust,
jealous 0 1 1 Disgust,
discoloration 0 0 1 Disgust,
possessed 0 0 1 Disgust,
humble 0 0 1 Disgust,
cancellation 0 1 0 Disgust,
ragged 0 1 0 Disgust,
coldness 0 1 1 Disgust,
sentence 0 0 1 Disgust,
scam 0 1 0 Disgust,
unfair 0 0 1 Disgust,
plight 0 0 1 Disgust,
elf 0 0 1 Disgust,
brainsick 0 1 0 Disgust,
disparity 0 0 1 Disgust,
abashed 0 1 0 Disgust,
disagreement 0 1 0 Disgust,
flatulence 0 0 1 Disgust,
burnt 0 0 1 Disgust,
daemon 0 0 1 Disgust,
airheaded 0 1 0 Disgust,
disinclination 0 1 0 Disgust,
dishonest 0 0 1 Disgust,
banshee 0 0 1 Disgust,
mosquito 0 1 1 Disgust,
cheapjack 0 1 0 Disgust,
old 0 1 0 Disgust,
crowd 0 1 0 Disgust,
bally(a) 0 1 0 Disgust,
displeasure 0 1 1 Disgust,
escape 0 1 0 Disgust,
pain 0 1 0 Disgust,
bore 0 1 0 Disgust,
repelling 0 0 1 Disgust,
confusing 0 1 0 Disgust,
inhuman 0 0 1 Disgust,
aggravation 0 1 1 Disgust,
intolerant 0 0 1 Disgust,
convict 0 0 1 Disgust,
discord 0 0 1 Disgust,
brawl 0 0 1 Disgust,
repellant 0 0 1 Disgust,
squeamish 0 0 1 Disgust,
herpes 0 0 1 Disgust,
obi 0 0 1 Disgust,
misleading 0 0 1 Disgust,
repellent 0 0 1 Disgust,
disqualified 0 0 1 Disgust,
octopus 0 0 1 Disgust,
indecency 0 0 1 Disgust,
tetanus 0 0 1 Disgust,
wasting 0 0 1 Disgust,
obscene 0 0 1 Disgust,
puke 0 0 1 Disgust,
lewd 0 0 1 Disgust,
infidelity 0 0 1 Disgust,
jealousy 0 1 1 Disgust,
derision 0 0 1 Disgust,
wrongdoing 0 0 1 Disgust,
lurid 0 0 1 Disgust,
questionable 0 0 1 Disgust,
intolerance 0 0 1 Disgust,
unfree 0 1 0 Disgust,
immorality 0 0 1 Disgust,
hypocrite 0 0 1 Disgust,
failure 0 1 1 Disgust,
diaper 0 0 1 Disgust,
ruined 0 0 1 Disgust,
pest 0 0 1 Disgust,
horrifying 0 0 1 Disgust,
delete 0 1 0 Disgust,
disgrace 0 0 1 Disgust,
sinful 0 0 1 Disgust,
sticky 0 0 1 Disgust,
manure 0 0 1 Disgust,
despotism 0 0 1 Disgust,
anthrax 0 0 1 Disgust,
annoying 0 1 0 Disgust,
mold 0 1 0 Disgust,
check 0 1 0 Disgust,
shit 0 0 1 Disgust,
blasphemous 0 0 1 Disgust,
leer 0 0 1 Disgust,
dying 0 0 1 Disgust,
interested 0 0 1 Disgust,
vegetative 0 0 1 Disgust,
smell 0 1 1 Disgust,
incestuous 0 0 1 Disgust,
toad 0 0 1 Disgust,
scream 0 0 1 Disgust,
saponaceous 0 1 0 Disgust,
smelling 0 0 1 Disgust,
persecution 0 0 1 Disgust,
assume 0 1 0 Disgust,
exigent 0 0 1 Disgust,
dilapidated 0 0 1 Disgust,
gonorrhea 0 0 1 Disgust,
undoubted 0 0 1 Disgust,
phlegm 0 0 1 Disgust,
revoke 0 0 1 Disgust,
rob 0 0 1 Disgust,
bombed 0 0 1 Disgust,
umbrage 0 1 0 Disgust,
recidivism 0 0 1 Disgust,
idolatry 0 0 1 Disgust,
rot 0 0 1 Disgust,
skid 0 1 0 Disgust,
deceitful 0 0 1 Disgust,
outdated 0 1 0 Disgust,
disgusting 0 1 1 Disgust,
abhorrent 0 1 1 Disgust,
charge 0 1 0 Disgust,
unpleasant 0 1 1 Disgust,
coop 0 0 1 Disgust,
fleece 0 0 1 Disgust,
unfamiliar 0 1 0 Disgust,
sloppy 0 0 1 Disgust,
self-consciousness 0 1 0 Disgust,
lynch 0 0 1 Disgust,
trouble 0 1 0 Disgust,
pious 0 0 1 Disgust,
cool 0 1 0 Disgust,
dim 0 1 0 Disgust,
cloudy 0 1 0 Disgust,
brothel 0 0 1 Disgust,
excellence 0 0 1 Disgust,
gut 0 0 1 Disgust,
diarrhoea 0 0 1 Disgust,
distasteful 0 0 1 Disgust,
porn 0 0 1 Disgust,
agitate 0 1 0 Disgust,
anaconda 0 0 1 Disgust,
bacteria 0 0 1 Disgust,
distaste 0 0 1 Disgust,
curse 0 1 1 Disgust,
melt 0 1 0 Disgust,
theism 0 0 1 Disgust,
covetousness 0 1 0 Disgust,
hairy 0 0 1 Disgust,
victimized 0 0 1 Disgust,
disclaim 0 0 1 Disgust,
detest 0 0 1 Disgust,
witch 0 0 1 Disgust,
small(a) 0 1 0 Disgust,
crippled 0 1 0 Disgust,
deceit 0 0 1 Disgust,
gorge 0 0 1 Disgust,
wait 0 1 0 Disgust,
molestation 0 0 1 Disgust,
boy 0 0 1 Disgust,
guilty 0 1 0 Disgust,
expulsion 0 0 1 Disgust,
misocainea 0 1 0 Disgust,
denunciation 0 0 1 Disgust,
weird 0 0 1 Disgust,
morals 0 0 1 Disgust,
cacophony 0 0 1 Disgust,
bloody 0 0 1 Disgust,
bribery 0 0 1 Disgust,
fake 0 1 0 Disgust,
embarrassing 0 1 0 Disgust,
nauseating 0 1 0 Disgust,
stingy 0 0 1 Disgust,
pollute 0 0 1 Disgust,
subvert 0 0 1 Disgust,
angry 0 1 1 Disgust,
sisterly 0 1 0 Disgust,
incredulous 0 0 1 Disgust,
condescension 0 0 1 Disgust,
malefic 0 1 0 Disgust,
ageless 0 1 0 Disgust,
odious 0 0 1 Disgust,
ignorant 0 0 1 Disgust,
degrade 0 0 1 Disgust,
misconception 0 0 1 Disgust,
tribunal 0 0 1 Disgust,
catechism 0 0 1 Disgust,
deformed 0 0 1 Disgust,
reflux 0 0 1 Disgust,
soul 0 1 0 Disgust,
frivolity 0 1 0 Disgust,
sour 0 1 1 Disgust,
unruly 0 0 1 Disgust,
woefully 0 0 1 Disgust,
detached 0 1 0 Disgust,
pitfall 0 0 1 Disgust,
cad 0 0 1 Disgust,
claim 0 1 0 Disgust,
crazy 0 1 0 Disgust,
confused 0 1 0 Disgust,
disbelieve 0 1 0 Disgust,
offense 0 0 1 Disgust,
bigot 0 0 1 Disgust,
infantile 0 0 1 Disgust,
septic 0 0 1 Disgust,
savor 0 0 1 Disgust,
naivete 0 1 0 Disgust,
vainly 0 0 1 Disgust,
despair 0 0 1 Disgust,
irrational 0 0 1 Disgust,
slush 0 0 1 Disgust,
scoff 0 0 1 Disgust,
disgusted 0 1 0 Disgust,
gelatin 0 0 1 Disgust,
laxative 0 0 1 Disgust,
mad 0 0 1 Disgust,
nonalignment 0 1 0 Disgust,
suck 0 1 0 Disgust,
destructive 0 0 1 Disgust,
filthy 0 1 1 Disgust,
huffiness 0 1 0 Disgust,
egotistical 0 0 1 Disgust,
cockamamie 0 1 0 Disgust,
deceive 0 0 1 Disgust,
offend 0 0 1 Disgust,
mange 0 0 1 Disgust,
drunken 0 0 1 Disgust,
colt 0 1 0 Disgust,
unacceptable 0 1 0 Disgust,
entrails 0 0 1 Disgust,
nefarious 0 0 1 Disgust,
unfavorable 0 1 1 Disgust,
cold 0 1 0 Disgust,
dreadfully 0 0 1 Disgust,
antipathy 0 1 1 Disgust,
inefficiency 0 0 1 Disgust,
lonely 0 0 1 Disgust,
heretic 0 0 1 Disgust,
barrow 0 0 1 Disgust,
occult 0 0 1 Disgust,
drop 0 1 0 Disgust,
instability 0 0 1 Disgust,
crushing 0 0 1 Disgust,
abnormal 0 0 1 Disgust,
bovine 0 0 1 Disgust,
whiplash 0 1 0 Disgust,
owing 0 0 1 Disgust,
hand-held 0 1 0 Disgust,
impurity 0 0 1 Disgust,
belligerence 0 1 0 Disgust,
stupid 0 1 0 Disgust,
ruinous 0 0 1 Disgust,
annoyance 0 1 1 Disgust,
hulk 0 0 1 Disgust,
unfriendly 0 1 1 Disgust,
cough 0 0 1 Disgust,
orc 0 0 1 Disgust,
miss 0 1 0 Disgust,
deprivation 0 0 1 Disgust,
honest 0 0 1 Disgust,
impure 0 0 1 Disgust,
undesirable 0 0 1 Disgust,
indecent 0 0 1 Disgust,
clumsy 0 0 1 Disgust,
impossible 0 1 0 Disgust,
drove 0 1 0 Disgust,
little 0 1 0 Disgust,
thoughtless 0 1 1 Disgust,
wrath 0 1 0 Disgust,
murky 0 0 1 Disgust,
bite 0 1 0 Disgust,
callous 0 0 1 Disgust,
amphetamines 0 0 1 Disgust,
bloodshed 0 0 1 Disgust,
inefficient 0 1 0 Disgust,
hum 0 1 0 Disgust,
hurtful 0 0 1 Disgust,
refuse 0 1 0 Disgust,
criticize 0 0 1 Disgust,
illegality 0 0 1 Disgust,
mutilation 0 0 1 Disgust,
ooze 0 0 1 Disgust,
poisoning 0 0 1 Disgust,
gigantic 0 1 0 Disgust,
janitor 0 0 1 Disgust,
decompose 0 0 1 Disgust,
lick 0 0 1 Disgust,
contentious 0 0 1 Disgust,
polemic 0 0 1 Disgust,
argument 0 1 0 Disgust,
prostitution 0 0 1 Disgust,
distorted 0 0 1 Disgust,
anger 0 1 0 Disgust,
monochrome 0 0 1 Disgust,
lumpy 0 0 1 Disgust,
wretch 0 0 1 Disgust,
interior 0 0 1 Disgust,
pimple 0 0 1 Disgust,
prick 0 0 1 Disgust,
oppressive 0 0 1 Disgust,
price 0 1 0 Disgust,
betrayal 0 0 1 Disgust,
insanity 0 0 1 Disgust,
bowels 0 0 1 Disgust,
cheat 0 0 1 Disgust,
infuriate 0 1 0 Disgust,
fecal 0 0 1 Disgust,
spurious 0 0 1 Disgust,
aggressive 0 1 0 Disgust,
slow 0 1 0 Disgust,
slop 0 0 1 Disgust,
unkind 0 0 1 Disgust,
stained 0 1 0 Disgust,
black 0 1 0 Disgust,
travesty 0 0 1 Disgust,
outrage 0 0 1 Disgust,
stain 0 1 1 Disgust,
shrill 0 1 0 Disgust,
alcoholism 0 0 1 Disgust,
dispute 0 1 0 Disgust,
get 0 1 0 Disgust,
cursing 0 0 1 Disgust,
hedge 0 1 0 Disgust,
revulsion 0 0 1 Disgust,
closure 0 1 0 Disgust,
wrathful 0 1 0 Disgust,
impolite 0 0 1 Disgust,
barbaric 0 0 1 Disgust,
sinning 0 0 1 Disgust,
disparage 0 0 1 Disgust,
imposter 0 1 0 Disgust,
recalcitrant 0 0 1 Disgust,
obliging 0 0 1 Disgust,
stigma 0 0 1 Disgust,
dysentery 0 0 1 Disgust,
bathetic 0 1 0 Disgust,
dismemberment 0 0 1 Disgust,
wickedness 0 0 1 Disgust,
aberration 0 0 1 Disgust,
pluck 0 1 0 Disgust,
blame 0 1 1 Disgust,
overcharge 0 1 0 Disgust,
quack 0 0 1 Disgust,
farcical 0 1 1 Disgust,
disappointment 0 1 1 Disgust,
delirium 0 0 1 Disgust,
spoil 0 0 1 Disgust,
cancer 0 0 1 Disgust,
resentment 0 1 1 Disgust,
accusation 0 0 1 Disgust,
discolored 0 0 1 Disgust,
mortification 0 0 1 Disgust,
punished 0 0 1 Disgust,
stripped 0 0 1 Disgust,
diatribe 0 0 1 Disgust,
derogation 0 0 1 Disgust,
indirect 0 1 0 Disgust,
tasteless 0 0 1 Disgust,
measles 0 0 1 Disgust,
mocking 0 0 1 Disgust,
wake 0 1 0 Disgust,
abject 0 0 1 Disgust,
robber 0 0 1 Disgust,
cupping 0 0 1 Disgust,
hypertrophy 0 0 1 Disgust,
notoriety 0 0 1 Disgust,
scum 0 0 1 Disgust,
unsatisfactory 0 0 1 Disgust,
mucus 0 0 1 Disgust,
soil 0 0 1 Disgust,
discrepancy 0 1 0 Disgust,
unloving 0 1 0 Disgust,
bestial 0 0 1 Disgust,
obnoxious 0 0 1 Disgust,
misanthropy 0 1 0 Disgust,
fatalist 0 1 0 Disgust,
resentful 0 1 0 Disgust,
pay 0 1 0 Disgust,
quagmire 0 0 1 Disgust,
angered 0 1 0 Disgust,
moth-eaten 0 1 0 Disgust,
dated 0 1 0 Disgust,
dishonorable 0 1 0 Disgust,
sickness 0 0 1 Disgust,
incarceration 0 0 1 Disgust,
drivel 0 0 1 Disgust,
amuck 0 1 0 Disgust,
unmanageable 0 0 1 Disgust,
misogynic 0 1 0 Disgust,
break 0 1 0 Disgust,
drain 0 1 0 Disgust,
diseased 0 0 1 Disgust,
soundproof 0 1 0 Disgust,
grumpy 0 0 1 Disgust,
sinner 0 0 1 Disgust,
fume 0 1 0 Disgust,
slime 0 0 1 Disgust,
slimy 0 0 1 Disgust,
violent 0 1 1 Disgust,
blow 0 1 0 Disgust,
tirade 0 0 1 Disgust,
death 0 0 1 Disgust,
senseless 0 0 1 Disgust,
improvement 0 1 0 Disgust,
unprovocative 0 1 0 Disgust,
blob 0 0 1 Disgust,
grating 0 0 1 Disgust,
impound 0 1 0 Disgust,
crusty 0 0 1 Disgust,
swig 0 0 1 Disgust,
discontinue 0 1 0 Disgust,
stools 0 0 1 Disgust,
sump 0 0 1 Disgust,
dark 0 1 0 Disgust,
snarl 0 0 1 Disgust,
traffic 0 1 0 Disgust,
nappy 0 0 1 Disgust,
confined 0 0 1 Disgust,
disappointed 0 0 1 Disgust,
grim 0 0 1 Disgust,
wrongful 0 0 1 Disgust,
nose 0 0 1 Disgust,
robbery 0 0 1 Disgust,
intestinal 0 0 1 Disgust,
obstruct 0 1 0 Disgust,
falsehood 0 1 0 Disgust,
servile 0 0 1 Disgust,
slavery 0 0 1 Disgust,
perspiration 0 1 1 Disgust,
abashment 0 1 0 Disgust,
hemorrhage 0 0 1 Disgust,
gross 0 0 1 Disgust,
squirm 0 0 1 Disgust,
perverse 0 0 1 Disgust,
slaughtering 0 0 1 Disgust,
decomposition 0 0 1 Disgust,
subjugation 0 0 1 Disgust,
throb 0 1 0 Disgust,
dissection 0 0 1 Disgust,
slaughter 0 0 1 Disgust,
disparaging 0 0 1 Disgust,
uneasy 0 0 1 Disgust,
despicable 0 0 1 Disgust,
dastardly 0 0 1 Disgust,
exasperating 0 1 0 Disgust,
opium 0 0 1 Disgust,
contagion 0 0 1 Disgust,
demonic 0 0 1 Disgust,
latrines 0 0 1 Disgust,
discrimination 0 0 1 Disgust,
deranged 0 0 1 Disgust,
disinfectant 0 1 0 Disgust,
shoplifting 0 0 1 Disgust,
homeless 0 0 1 Disgust,
burglar 0 0 1 Disgust,
whaler 0 1 0 Disgust,
loo 0 0 1 Disgust,
low 0 1 0 Disgust,
secretion 0 0 1 Disgust,
dislocated 0 0 1 Disgust,
infect 0 0 1 Disgust,
purgatory 0 0 1 Disgust,
groan 0 0 1 Disgust,
unsettled 0 0 1 Disgust,
smuggling 0 1 0 Disgust,
gore 0 0 1 Disgust,
elimination 0 0 1 Disgust,
default 0 0 1 Disgust,
grudging 0 1 0 Disgust,
rags 0 0 1 Disgust,
dirty 0 1 1 Disgust,
dander 0 1 0 Disgust,
powerless 0 0 1 Disgust,
toilet 0 0 1 Disgust,
gratuitous 0 0 1 Disgust,
censor 0 0 1 Disgust,
appalling 0 1 1 Disgust,
maleficence 0 1 0 Disgust,
devilish 0 0 1 Disgust,
idiot 0 0 1 Disgust,
drafty 0 1 0 Disgust,
tight 0 1 0 Disgust,
trash 0 0 1 Disgust,
disgraceful 0 1 1 Disgust,
poor 0 1 0 Disgust,
congress 0 0 1 Disgust,
misfortune 0 1 0 Disgust,
fetid 0 1 0 Disgust,
unattractive 0 0 1 Disgust,
sneeze 0 0 1 Disgust,
grudge 0 1 0 Disgust,
infanticide 0 0 1 Disgust,
untidy 0 0 1 Disgust,
fraudulent 0 0 1 Disgust,
sewer 0 0 1 Disgust,
treason 0 0 1 Disgust,
banishment 0 0 1 Disgust,
growling 0 0 1 Disgust,
liar 0 0 1 Disgust,
lack 0 1 0 Disgust,
sunk 0 0 1 Disgust,
debris 0 0 1 Disgust,
renege 0 1 0 Disgust,
messy 0 0 1 Disgust,
gob 0 0 1 Disgust,
plodding 0 1 0 Disgust,
dreadful 0 0 1 Disgust,
catastrophe 0 0 1 Disgust,
misopedia 0 1 0 Disgust,
revengeful 0 1 0 Disgust,
murderousness 0 1 0 Disgust,
hideous 0 1 1 Disgust,
horror 0 0 1 Disgust,
fat 0 1 1 Disgust,
cadaver 0 0 1 Disgust,
rogue 0 0 1 Disgust,
worst 0 1 0 Disgust,
awful 0 0 1 Disgust,
dictatorship 0 0 1 Disgust,
celebrity 0 0 1 Disgust,
manslaughter 0 0 1 Disgust,
abridge 0 1 0 Disgust,
lawyer 0 0 1 Disgust,
pass 0 1 0 Disgust,
hamper 0 1 0 Disgust,
conscience 0 1 0 Disgust,
swampy 0 0 1 Disgust,
poisonous 0 0 1 Disgust,
rascal 0 0 1 Disgust,
musty 0 0 1 Disgust,
exasperation 0 0 1 Disgust,
fleshiness 0 1 0 Disgust,
falsify 0 0 1 Disgust,
ferocious 0 0 1 Disgust,
malaria 0 0 1 Disgust,
wrangling 0 0 1 Disgust,
dung 0 0 1 Disgust,
hopelessness 0 0 1 Disgust,
vindictiveness 0 1 0 Disgust,
criminality 0 0 1 Disgust,
thrift 0 0 1 Disgust,
conviction 0 1 0 Disgust,
whine 0 0 1 Disgust,
misery 0 0 1 Disgust,
action 0 1 0 Disgust,
narrow 0 1 0 Disgust,
cystic 0 0 1 Disgust,
coercion 0 0 1 Disgust,
injure 0 1 0 Disgust,
indispose 0 1 0 Disgust,
petroleum 0 0 1 Disgust,
anathema 0 0 1 Disgust,
injury 0 1 0 Disgust,
unthinkable 0 0 1 Disgust,
cannibalism 0 0 1 Disgust,
wretched 0 0 1 Disgust,
mire 0 0 1 Disgust,
grisly 0 0 1 Disgust,
misogamy 0 1 0 Disgust,
berth 0 1 0 Disgust,
plagiarism 0 0 1 Disgust,
offender 0 0 1 Disgust,
long-winded 0 1 0 Disgust,
ineffectual 0 0 1 Disgust,
dazed 0 1 0 Disgust,
abandon 0 1 0 Disgust,
grope 0 0 1 Disgust,
self-conscious 0 1 0 Disgust,
atrocious 0 0 1 Disgust,
neglected 0 1 1 Disgust,
tortious 0 0 1 Disgust,
coerce 0 1 1 Disgust,
sharp 0 1 0 Disgust,
scar 0 0 1 Disgust,
condemn 0 1 0 Disgust,
homicide 0 0 1 Disgust,
torture 0 0 1 Disgust,
awkward 0 1 0 Disgust,
unlucky 0 0 1 Disgust,
reject 0 1 0 Disgust,
creature 0 0 1 Disgust,
disgraced 0 0 1 Disgust,
fungus 0 0 1 Disgust,
idiocy 0 0 1 Disgust,
unfriendliness 0 1 0 Disgust,
bleak 0 1 0 Disgust,
malevolent 0 1 1 Disgust,
humbug 0 0 1 Disgust,
misanthropic 0 1 0 Disgust,
artful 0 1 0 Disgust,
blunder 0 0 1 Disgust,
deserted 0 0 1 Disgust,
larceny 0 0 1 Disgust,
deterioration 0 0 1 Disgust,
reshape 0 1 0 Disgust,
crafty 0 1 0 Disgust,
displease 0 1 0 Disgust,
urine 0 1 0 Disgust,
bigoted 0 0 1 Disgust,
soot 0 0 1 Disgust,
hell 0 0 1 Disgust,
aphid 0 0 1 Disgust,
arrogant 0 1 1 Disgust,
teeming 0 0 1 Disgust,
bummer 0 0 1 Disgust,
clamor 0 0 1 Disgust,
fool 0 0 1 Disgust,
disrespectful 0 0 1 Disgust,
vomit 0 0 1 Disgust,
misplace 0 0 1 Disgust,
belittle 0 0 1 Disgust,
prejudiced 0 0 1 Disgust,
imprisoned 0 0 1 Disgust,
nauseous 0 0 1 Disgust,
evade 0 0 1 Disgust,
deteriorated 0 0 1 Disgust,
boisterous 0 1 0 Disgust,
nicotine 0 0 1 Disgust,
weight 0 0 1 Disgust,
hard 0 1 0 Disgust,
bickering 0 0 1 Disgust,
surly 0 0 1 Disgust,
begrimed 0 1 0 Disgust,
shamefaced 0 1 0 Disgust,
presumptuous 0 0 1 Disgust,
unnatural 0 0 1 Disgust,
mockery 0 0 1 Disgust,
discouraging 0 1 0 Disgust,
soulless 0 1 1 Disgust,
disobedience 0 0 1 Disgust,
pathetic 0 0 1 Disgust,
dirt 0 0 1 Disgust,
misstatement 0 0 1 Disgust,
paucity 0 0 1 Disgust,
difficulty 0 1 0 Disgust,
unsightly 0 0 1 Disgust,
dire 0 0 1 Disgust,
laughable 0 0 1 Disgust,
reproach 0 0 1 Disgust,
pus 0 0 1 Disgust,
blister 0 0 1 Disgust,
misogyny 0 1 0 Disgust,
thread 0 1 0 Disgust,
terrible 0 0 1 Disgust,
sicken 0 1 0 Disgust,
bumper 0 1 0 Disgust,
corrupting 0 0 1 Disgust,
unhealthy 0 1 1 Disgust,
unbeneficed 0 1 0 Disgust,
disregarded 0 0 1 Disgust,
wench 0 0 1 Disgust,
glitter 0 0 1 Disgust,
divorce 0 0 1 Disgust,
grime 0 0 1 Disgust,
threatening 0 0 1 Disgust,
doomsday 0 0 1 Disgust,
swarm 0 0 1 Disgust,
storm 0 1 0 Disgust,
grimy 0 0 1 Disgust,
imperfect 0 1 0 Disgust,
gruesome 0 0 1 Disgust,
inconvenient 0 1 1 Disgust,
carnage 0 0 1 Disgust,
ungrateful 0 1 1 Disgust,
lament 0 0 1 Disgust,
impersonal 0 1 0 Disgust,
stall 0 0 1 Disgust,
dank 0 0 1 Disgust,
stale 0 1 0 Disgust,
sty 0 0 1 Disgust,
withered 0 0 1 Disgust,
suffocating 0 0 1 Disgust,
defect 0 1 0 Disgust,
pedestrian 0 1 0 Disgust,
murder 0 0 1 Disgust,
gall 0 1 1 Disgust,
lie 0 0 1 Disgust,
tarnish 0 0 1 Disgust,
cave 0 1 0 Disgust,
sordid 0 0 1 Disgust,
useless 0 1 0 Disgust,
heartburning 0 1 0 Disgust,
pillage 0 0 1 Disgust,
inconvenience 0 1 0 Disgust,
plunder 0 0 1 Disgust,
adder 0 0 1 Disgust,
unequal 0 0 1 Disgust,
gaby 0 0 1 Disgust,
covet 0 1 0 Disgust,
unreasonable 0 1 0 Disgust,
outhouse 0 0 1 Disgust,
cramped 0 1 0 Disgust,
squelch 0 0 1 Disgust,
attacking 0 0 1 Disgust,
lying 0 0 1 Disgust,
despise 0 0 1 Disgust,
unimportance 0 1 0 Disgust,
humid 0 1 0 Disgust,
aghast 0 0 1 Disgust,
caries 0 0 1 Disgust,
fine 0 1 0 Disgust,
delinquent 0 0 1 Disgust,
heartworm 0 0 1 Disgust,
flesh 0 0 1 Disgust,
grotesque 0 0 1 Disgust,
unhappy 0 0 1 Disgust,
betray 0 0 1 Disgust,
fiend 0 0 1 Disgust,
hardened 0 0 1 Disgust,
indifference 0 0 1 Disgust,
hit 0 1 0 Disgust,
dependent 0 1 0 Disgust,
cholera 0 0 1 Disgust,
avarice 0 0 1 Disgust,
theft 0 0 1 Disgust,
inoperable 0 1 0 Disgust,
instinctive 0 0 1 Disgust,
enemy 0 0 1 Disgust,
contagious 0 0 1 Disgust,
sacrifices 0 0 1 Disgust,
enema 0 0 1 Disgust,
poisoned 0 0 1 Disgust,
cringe 0 0 1 Disgust,
bloated 0 0 1 Disgust,
insane 0 1 0 Disgust,
disapproving 0 1 1 Disgust,
irascibility 0 1 0 Disgust,
schizophrenia 0 0 1 Disgust,
bare 0 1 0 Disgust,
barf 0 0 1 Disgust,
close 0 1 0 Disgust,
horrid 0 0 1 Disgust,
inefficacious 0 1 0 Disgust,
degrading 0 0 1 Disgust,
woe 0 0 1 Disgust,
mouthful 0 0 1 Disgust,
corruption 0 0 1 Disgust,
mildew 0 0 1 Disgust,
oppress 0 0 1 Disgust,
reverse 0 1 0 Disgust,
carelessness 0 0 1 Disgust,
secrete 0 0 1 Disgust,
sloth 0 0 1 Disgust,
despiteful 0 1 0 Disgust,
distress 0 0 1 Disgust,
drunk 0 1 0 Disgust,
eviction 0 0 1 Disgust,
rave 0 0 1 Disgust,
unemotional 0 1 0 Disgust,
expensive 0 1 0 Disgust,
worthless 0 0 1 Disgust,
devil 0 0 1 Disgust,
filth 0 0 1 Disgust,
raise 0 1 0 Disgust,
inadmissible 0 0 1 Disgust,
damp 0 1 0 Disgust,
misoneism 0 1 0 Disgust,
damn 0 0 1 Disgust,
coarse 0 1 0 Disgust,
mutiny 0 0 1 Disgust,
intrusive 0 1 1 Disgust,
dame 0 0 1 Disgust,
collectible 0 1 0 Disgust,
fire 0 1 0 Disgust,
ineptitude 0 0 1 Disgust,
wet 0 1 0 Disgust,
cruelty 0 0 1 Disgust,
gag 0 0 1 Disgust,
loon 0 0 1 Disgust,
bile 0 0 1 Disgust,
infuriation 0 1 0 Disgust,
uncertain 0 0 1 Disgust,
conspirator 0 0 1 Disgust,
socialist 0 0 1 Disgust,
holocaust 0 0 1 Disgust,
indignation 0 1 1 Disgust,
socialism 0 0 1 Disgust,
shoddy 0 0 1 Disgust,
costly 0 1 0 Disgust,
violently 0 0 1 Disgust,
demon 0 0 1 Disgust,
disappointing 0 1 0 Disgust,
frantic 0 0 1 Disgust,
queue 0 1 0 Disgust,
perpetrator 0 0 1 Disgust,
dishonor 0 0 1 Disgust,
butcher 0 0 1 Disgust,
misology 0 1 0 Disgust,
shackle 0 0 1 Disgust,
ineffective 0 1 0 Disgust,
seize 0 1 0 Disgust,
ugliness 0 1 1 Disgust,
sham 0 0 1 Disgust,
covetous 0 1 0 Disgust,
displeased 0 1 1 Disgust,
fatty 0 0 1 Disgust,
deformity 0 0 1 Disgust,
censure 0 1 0 Disgust,
rabid 0 0 1 Disgust,
birch 0 0 1 Disgust,
infamous 0 0 1 Disgust,
loathsome 0 0 1 Disgust,
feces 0 0 1 Disgust,
howl 0 0 1 Disgust,
grievance 0 0 1 Disgust,
vindictive 0 0 1 Disgust,
segregate 0 0 1 Disgust,
dishonesty 0 0 1 Disgust,
cur 0 0 1 Disgust,
decayed 0 0 1 Disgust,
depravity 0 0 1 Disgust,
disobey 0 0 1 Disgust,
frustrate 0 0 1 Disgust,
condemnation 0 0 1 Disgust,
bureaucrat 0 0 1 Disgust,
suffering 0 0 1 Disgust,
entangled 0 0 1 Disgust,
lunacy 0 0 1 Disgust,
blemish 0 1 1 Disgust,
distrust 0 0 1 Disgust,
provoking 0 0 1 Disgust,
disorder 0 1 0 Disgust,
transgress 0 1 0 Disgust,
eldritch 0 1 0 Disgust,
disinclined 0 1 0 Disgust,
impeach 0 0 1 Disgust,
extremist 0 1 0 Disgust,
insincere 0 1 0 Disgust,
mucous 0 0 1 Disgust,
pale 0 1 0 Disgust,
defamation 0 0 1 Disgust,
overprice 0 1 0 Disgust,
bogus 0 0 1 Disgust,
minimal 0 1 0 Disgust,
hypocritical 0 0 1 Disgust,
lose 0 1 1 Disgust,
stew 0 1 0 Disgust,
taboo 0 0 1 Disgust,
intense 0 0 1 Disgust,
gnome 0 0 1 Disgust,
piles 0 0 1 Disgust,
cigarette 0 1 0 Disgust,
repulsion 0 0 1 Disgust,
hatred 0 0 1 Disgust,
pollution 0 0 1 Disgust,
misbehavior 0 0 1 Disgust,
garbage 0 1 1 Disgust,
inhospitable 0 1 0 Disgust,
bankruptcy 0 0 1 Disgust,
poaching 0 0 1 Disgust,
long 0 1 0 Disgust,
crackdown 0 1 0 Disgust,
disallowed 0 0 1 Disgust,
opponent 0 0 1 Disgust,
imprisonment 0 0 1 Disgust,
litigate 0 0 1 Disgust,
inept 0 0 1 Disgust,
buttery 0 1 0 Disgust,
reek 0 1 0 Disgust,
dull 0 1 0 Disgust,
sulkiness 0 1 0 Disgust,
rejection 0 0 1 Disgust,
blockage 0 1 0 Disgust,
incase 0 0 1 Disgust,
politic 0 0 1 Disgust,
slander 0 0 1 Disgust,
aversion 0 0 1 Disgust,
flop 0 0 1 Disgust,
freak 0 1 0 Disgust,
oddity 0 0 1 Disgust,
raging 0 0 1 Disgust,
nepotism 0 0 1 Disgust,
bottom(a) 0 1 0 Disgust,
actionable 0 0 1 Disgust,
lemon 0 0 1 Disgust,
malicious 0 1 1 Disgust,
uranium 0 1 0 Disgust,
leeches 0 0 1 Disgust,
faeces 0 0 1 Disgust,
unjustifiable 0 0 1 Disgust,
confine 0 1 0 Disgust,
priggish 0 1 0 Disgust,
scrub 0 0 1 Disgust,
prosecution 0 0 1 Disgust,
resign 0 0 1 Disgust,
insect 0 1 0 Disgust,
suppression 0 0 1 Disgust,
desert 0 0 1 Disgust,
annoyed 0 1 0 Disgust,
inaccuracy 0 1 0 Disgust,
dismal 0 0 1 Disgust,
pervert 0 0 1 Disgust,
ashamed 0 0 1 Disgust,
uncreativeness 0 1 0 Disgust,
alien 0 0 1 Disgust,
dainty 0 1 0 Disgust,
ammonia 0 0 1 Disgust,
vacuous 0 0 1 Disgust,
shanghai 0 0 1 Disgust,
shack 0 0 1 Disgust,
compost 0 0 1 Disgust,
warpath 0 1 0 Disgust,
excluded 0 0 1 Disgust,
dislike 0 1 1 Disgust,
dandy 0 0 1 Disgust,
murderous 0 0 1 Disgust,
materialist 0 0 1 Disgust,
enslaved 0 0 1 Disgust,
harlot 0 0 1 Disgust,
nausea 0 1 1 Disgust,
homicidal 0 1 0 Disgust,
incoherent 0 1 0 Disgust,
iniquity 0 0 1 Disgust,
race 0 1 0 Disgust,
obesity 0 0 1 Disgust,
sewage 0 1 1 Disgust,
unsatisfied 0 0 1 Disgust,
bleeding 0 0 1 Disgust,
abortion 0 0 1 Disgust,
malice 0 1 0 Disgust,
mishap 0 0 1 Disgust,
uncomfortable 0 1 0 Disgust,
pornography 0 1 1 Disgust,
abominable 0 1 1 Disgust,
opaque 0 1 0 Disgust,
vampire 0 0 1 Disgust,
exacerbate 0 1 0 Disgust,
unhelpful 0 1 0 Disgust,
self-disgust 0 1 0 Disgust,
poverty 0 0 1 Disgust,
sink 0 1 0 Disgust,
irritating 0 0 1 Disgust,
broken 0 1 0 Disgust,
gent 0 0 1 Disgust,
larger 0 0 1 Disgust,
avaricious 0 1 0 Disgust,
repel 0 1 0 Disgust,
nameless 0 0 1 Disgust,
falsity 0 0 1 Disgust,
cuckold 0 0 1 Disgust,
dudgeon 0 1 0 Disgust,
scandal 0 1 0 Disgust,
cloud 0 1 0 Disgust,
crap 0 0 1 Disgust,
nauseated 0 1 0 Disgust,
remains 0 0 1 Disgust,
illegal 0 1 1 Disgust,
flabby 0 0 1 Disgust,
germ 0 0 1 Disgust,
bitterly 0 0 1 Disgust,
depreciate 0 1 1 Disgust,
possession 0 0 1 Disgust,
infamy 0 1 0 Disgust,
shamefacedness 0 1 0 Disgust,
rubbish 0 0 1 Disgust,
antichrist 0 0 1 Disgust,
unfaithful 0 0 1 Disgust,
defiance 0 0 1 Disgust,
annoy 0 1 1 Disgust,
disingenuous 0 0 1 Disgust,
recession 0 0 1 Disgust,
gruff 0 0 1 Disgust,
nurture 0 0 1 Disgust,
bent 0 1 0 Disgust,
tax 0 1 0 Disgust,
contempt 0 1 1 Disgust,
defective 0 0 1 Disgust,
awkwardness 0 0 1 Disgust,
parlous 0 1 0 Disgust,
neurotic 0 0 1 Disgust,
delay 0 1 1 Disgust,
vesicular 0 0 1 Disgust,
rape 0 0 1 Disgust,
insistent 0 1 0 Disgust,
deplore 0 0 1 Disgust,
sin 0 0 1 Disgust,
unserviceable 0 1 0 Disgust,
canker 0 0 1 Disgust,
discomfort 0 1 0 Disgust,
abuse 0 0 1 Disgust,
winter 0 1 0 Disgust,
malevolence 0 1 0 Disgust,
alienation 0 1 1 Disgust,
furious 0 0 1 Disgust,
violator 0 1 0 Disgust,
saturated 0 0 1 Disgust,
basement 0 1 0 Disgust,
meager 0 1 0 Disgust,
tyrant 0 0 1 Disgust,
contaminated 0 0 1 Disgust,
brood 0 1 0 Disgust,
exclusion 0 0 1 Disgust,
dispose 0 0 1 Disgust,
winning 0 0 1 Disgust,
blatant 0 0 1 Disgust,
choleric 0 1 0 Disgust,
criminal 0 0 1 Disgust,
crash 0 1 0 Disgust,
lunatic 0 0 1 Disgust,
huff 0 0 1 Disgust,
cutting 0 0 1 Disgust,
snake 0 0 1 Disgust,
flea 0 0 1 Disgust,
pompous 0 0 1 Disgust,
immoral 0 0 1 Disgust,
enviable 0 1 0 Disgust,
muff 0 0 1 Disgust,
uninteresting 0 1 0 Disgust,
uncaring 0 0 1 Disgust,
malfeasance 0 0 1 Disgust,
aggravated 0 1 0 Disgust,
irritation 0 0 1 Disgust,
banal 0 1 0 Disgust,
unoriginal 0 1 0 Disgust,
dismissal 0 0 1 Disgust,
unlawful 0 0 1 Disgust,
remiss 0 0 1 Disgust,
cess 0 0 1 Disgust,
burke 0 0 1 Disgust,
trashy 0 0 1 Disgust,
discontinuity 0 0 1 Disgust,
humiliating 0 0 1 Disgust,
greedy 0 0 1 Disgust,
displeasing 0 1 0 Disgust,
sneer 0 0 1 Disgust,
embarrass 0 1 0 Disgust,
backwards 0 0 1 Disgust,
hostile 0 1 1 Disgust,
intoxicated 0 1 1 Disgust,
heliotherapy 0 1 0 Disgust,
shoehorn 0 1 0 Disgust,
bulky 0 1 0 Disgust,
confuse 0 1 0 Disgust,
bitch 0 0 1 Disgust,
lagging 0 0 1 Disgust,
affliction 0 0 1 Disgust,
endemic 0 0 1 Disgust,
dump 0 1 0 Disgust,
unwashed 0 0 1 Disgust,
vulgar 0 0 1 Disgust,
inmate 0 0 1 Disgust,
drool 0 0 1 Disgust,
badness 0 0 1 Disgust,
sensitivity 0 1 0 Disgust,
boil 0 0 1 Disgust,
disagreeable 0 1 0 Disgust,
stomach 0 0 1 Disgust,
chagrin 0 1 1 Disgust,
depressing 0 0 1 Disgust,
goblin 0 0 1 Disgust,
morbidity 0 0 1 Disgust,
egregious 0 0 1 Disgust,
boring 0 1 0 Disgust,
infectious 0 0 1 Disgust,
discriminating 0 0 1 Disgust,
steep 0 1 0 Disgust,
unaccountable 0 0 1 Disgust,
false 0 1 0 Disgust,
neutralize 0 1 0 Disgust,
abomination 0 0 1 Disgust,
torment 0 1 0 Disgust,
unbearable 0 0 1 Disgust,
bastard 0 0 1 Disgust,
afraid 0 1 0 Disgust,
bacterium 0 0 1 Disgust,
gory 0 0 1 Disgust,
asshole 0 0 1 Disgust,
tyrannical 0 0 1 Disgust,
improvised 0 1 0 Disgust,
clash 0 1 0 Disgust,
harmful 0 0 1 Disgust,
rigor 0 0 1 Disgust,
prisoner 0 0 1 Disgust,
bloodthirsty 0 0 1 Disgust,
deny 0 1 0 Disgust,
eject 0 1 0 Disgust,
hydrocephalus 0 0 1 Disgust,
disease 0 0 1 Disgust,
pipe 0 1 0 Disgust,
absurd 0 1 0 Disgust,
incredibility 0 1 0 Disgust,
kite 0 0 1 Disgust,
perversion 0 0 1 Disgust,
bum 0 0 1 Disgust,
tearful 0 0 1 Disgust,
traitor 0 0 1 Disgust,
debate 0 1 0 Disgust,
envy 0 1 0 Disgust,
unfinished 0 1 0 Disgust,
scorpion 0 0 1 Disgust,
rash 0 0 1 Disgust,
prolong 0 0 1 Disgust,
jam 0 1 0 Disgust,
inhabit 0 1 0 Disgust,
flinch 0 0 1 Disgust,
indignant 0 1 0 Disgust,
antagonism 0 1 0 Disgust,
beat 0 1 0 Disgust,
massacre 0 0 1 Disgust,
magistrate 0 1 0 Disgust,
ghetto 0 0 1 Disgust,
gray 0 0 1 Disgust,
baboon 0 0 1 Disgust,
contemptible 0 0 1 Disgust,
gust 0 1 0 Disgust,
gush 0 0 1 Disgust,
ogre 0 0 1 Disgust,
humiliation 0 0 1 Disgust,
expel 0 0 1 Disgust,
freeze 0 1 0 Disgust,
incurable 0 0 1 Disgust,
insulting 0 0 1 Disgust,
punch-drunk 0 1 0 Disgust,
injustice 0 1 0 Disgust,
horrible 0 0 1 Disgust,
crude 0 0 1 Disgust,
sabotage 0 1 1 Disgust,
disgruntled 0 0 1 Disgust,
derogatory 0 0 1 Disgust,
opening 0 1 0 Disgust,
grumble 0 1 1 Disgust,
embarrassment 0 1 0 Disgust,
key 0 1 0 Disgust,
lawsuit 0 0 1 Disgust,
sewerage 0 0 1 Disgust,
antisocial 0 0 1 Disgust,
insidious 0 0 1 Disgust,
disservice 0 0 1 Disgust,
incest 0 0 1 Disgust,
monstrosity 0 0 1 Disgust,
unclean 0 0 1 Disgust,
disintegrate 0 0 1 Disgust,
muddy 0 0 1 Disgust,
hellish 0 0 1 Disgust,
treat 0 0 1 Disgust,
waste 0 1 1 Disgust,
hateful 0 1 1 Disgust,
infestation 0 0 1 Disgust,
shameless 0 0 1 Disgust,
banish 0 0 1 Disgust,
vapid 0 1 0 Disgust,
herpesvirus 0 0 1 Disgust,
limbo 0 1 0 Disgust,
venomous 0 0 1 Disgust,
frustrating 0 1 0 Disgust,
lush 0 0 1 Disgust,
disapprove 0 1 1 Disgust,
adultery 0 0 1 Disgust,
thug 0 0 1 Disgust,
wreck 0 0 1 Disgust,
whore 0 0 1 Disgust,
terrorist 0 0 1 Disgust,
untoward 0 0 1 Disgust,
adverse 0 0 1 Disgust,
strange 0 1 0 Disgust,
blight 0 0 1 Disgust,
outbreak 0 1 0 Disgust,
terrorism 0 0 1 Disgust,
garish 0 0 1 Disgust,
selfish 0 0 1 Disgust,
unsympathetic 0 1 0 Disgust,
outcast 0 0 1 Disgust,
discredited 0 1 0 Disgust,
discouraged 0 1 0 Disgust,
fierce 0 0 1 Disgust,
collar 0 1 0 Disgust,
retard 0 0 1 Disgust,
gutter 0 0 1 Disgust,
masochism 0 0 1 Disgust,
maggot 0 0 1 Disgust,
glut 0 0 1 Disgust,
discreditable 0 1 0 Disgust,
despisal 0 1 0 Disgust,
arrest 0 1 0 Disgust,
tawny 0 0 1 Disgust,
crack 0 1 0 Disgust,
morgue 0 0 1 Disgust,
scoundrel 0 0 1 Disgust,
wimpy 0 0 1 Disgust,
harassment 0 1 0 Disgust,
government 0 1 0 Disgust,
crushed 0 0 1 Disgust,
livid 0 1 1 Disgust,
atrophy 0 0 1 Disgust,
offish 0 1 0 Disgust,
parasite 0 0 1 Disgust,
imprison 0 1 0 Disgust,
shabby 0 0 1 Disgust,
flagrant 0 0 1 Disgust,
thief 0 0 1 Disgust,
hail 0 1 0 Disgust,
incubus 0 0 1 Disgust,
bantam 0 1 0 Disgust,
corpse 0 0 1 Disgust,
lean 0 1 0 Disgust,
worsen 0 1 0 Disgust,
noise 0 1 0 Disgust,
murderer 0 0 1 Disgust,
slur 0 0 1 Disgust,
slut 0 0 1 Disgust,
cove 0 0 1 Disgust,
prohibited 0 0 1 Disgust,
slum 0 0 1 Disgust,
mite 0 0 1 Disgust,
slug 0 0 1 Disgust,
noisy 0 1 0 Disgust,
inconsiderate 0 0 1 Disgust,
sinister 0 0 1 Disgust,
slayer 0 0 1 Disgust,
sweat 0 1 0 Disgust,
diabolical 0 0 1 Disgust,
vulgarity 0 0 1 Disgust,
subsidy 0 0 1 Disgust,
adolescent 0 1 0 Disgust,
noxious 0 0 1 Disgust,
disapproval 0 1 0 Disgust,
wimp 0 0 1 Disgust,
frustration 0 1 0 Disgust,
alienated 0 1 0 Disgust,
unwrap 0 1 0 Disgust,
treacherous 0 0 1 Disgust,
plague 0 0 1 Disgust,
wince 0 0 1 Disgust,
bug 0 1 1 Disgust,
soreness 0 0 1 Disgust,
cruel 0 0 1 Disgust,
limit 0 1 0 Disgust,
problem 0 1 0 Disgust,
horrific 0 0 1 Disgust,
inadequate 0 1 0 Disgust,
pig 0 0 1 Disgust,
recklessness 0 0 1 Disgust,
slaughterhouse 0 0 1 Disgust,
deadly 0 0 1 Disgust,
offensive 0 1 1 Disgust,
excretion 0 0 1 Disgust,
sick 0 0 1 Disgust,
perdition 0 0 1 Disgust,
desecration 0 0 1 Disgust,
oppression 0 0 1 Disgust,
baffling 0 1 0 Disgust,
wallow 0 0 1 Disgust,
megascopic 0 1 0 Disgust,
animosity 0 1 1 Disgust,
appoint 0 1 0 Disgust,
pestilence 0 0 1 Disgust,
rotting 0 0 1 Disgust,
villainous 0 0 1 Disgust,
yell 0 1 0 Disgust,
abhor 0 1 1 Disgust,
fawn 0 1 0 Fear,
suicidal 0 0 1 Fear,
dissolution 0 0 1 Fear,
vermin 0 0 1 Fear,
foul 0 0 1 Fear,
knell 0 0 1 Fear,
hanging 0 0 1 Fear,
hate 0 0 1 Fear,
aggression 0 0 1 Fear,
muzzle 0 0 1 Fear,
rupture 0 0 1 Fear,
scold 0 0 1 Fear,
obligor 0 0 1 Fear,
ordnance 0 0 1 Fear,
risk 0 0 1 Fear,
compassion 0 0 1 Fear,
smack 0 1 0 Fear,
screaming 0 0 1 Fear,
courageous 0 0 1 Fear,
bewildered 0 0 1 Fear,
holiness 0 0 1 Fear,
loneliness 0 0 1 Fear,
samurai 0 0 1 Fear,
burke 0 0 1 Fear,
cloudiness 0 0 1 Fear,
deplorable 0 0 1 Fear,
whirlwind 0 0 1 Fear,
force 0 0 1 Fear,
depraved 0 0 1 Fear,
guillotine 0 0 1 Fear,
subordinate 0 0 1 Fear,
kidnap 0 1 1 Fear,
hide 0 0 1 Fear,
wreck 0 0 1 Fear,
ruthless 0 0 1 Fear,
rekindle 0 0 1 Fear,
revolver 0 0 1 Fear,
poison 0 0 1 Fear,
haze 0 0 1 Fear,
jaundice 0 0 1 Fear,
crouch 0 0 1 Fear,
miscarriage 0 0 1 Fear,
aftermath 0 0 1 Fear,
shriek 0 0 1 Fear,
anarchism 0 0 1 Fear,
vulnerability 0 0 1 Fear,
depreciated 0 0 1 Fear,
chilling 0 1 0 Fear,
superstitious 0 0 1 Fear,
military 0 0 1 Fear,
anarchist 0 0 1 Fear,
intrigue 0 0 1 Fear,
bayonet 0 0 1 Fear,
devastation 0 0 1 Fear,
insecurity 0 0 1 Fear,
hospital 0 0 1 Fear,
cannibal 0 0 1 Fear,
spike 0 0 1 Fear,
strike 0 1 0 Fear,
fainting 0 0 1 Fear,
barbarous 0 1 0 Fear,
saber 0 0 1 Fear,
wary 0 0 1 Fear,
expose 0 0 1 Fear,
sortie 0 0 1 Fear,
hurt 0 0 1 Fear,
warn 0 1 1 Fear,
disruption 0 0 1 Fear,
ware 0 0 1 Fear,
blindfold 0 0 1 Fear,
shoot 0 1 1 Fear,
grenade 0 0 1 Fear,
fortress 0 0 1 Fear,
quiver 0 0 1 Fear,
serpent 0 0 1 Fear,
quivering 0 0 1 Fear,
artillery 0 0 1 Fear,
caution 0 0 1 Fear,
polio 0 0 1 Fear,
agony 0 0 1 Fear,
debauchery 0 0 1 Fear,
specter 0 0 1 Fear,
blackness 0 0 1 Fear,
toxin 0 0 1 Fear,
fanaticism 0 0 1 Fear,
fever 0 0 1 Fear,
insecure 0 0 1 Fear,
damaged 0 1 0 Fear,
guerilla 0 0 1 Fear,
austere 0 0 1 Fear,
scourge 0 0 1 Fear,
sickening 0 0 1 Fear,
jungle 0 0 1 Fear,
ambulance 0 0 1 Fear,
atrocity 0 0 1 Fear,
unsteady 0 0 1 Fear,
restriction 0 0 1 Fear,
hardhearted 0 1 0 Fear,
ghastly 0 0 1 Fear,
strangle 0 0 1 Fear,
bombing 0 1 0 Fear,
destroyer 0 0 1 Fear,
destroyed 0 0 1 Fear,
tramp 0 0 1 Fear,
grievous 0 0 1 Fear,
unemployed 0 0 1 Fear,
atherosclerosis 0 0 1 Fear,
intimidation 0 1 1 Fear,
bane 0 0 1 Fear,
bang 0 0 1 Fear,
penetration 0 0 1 Fear,
disreputable 0 0 1 Fear,
gallows 0 0 1 Fear,
mistrust 0 0 1 Fear,
explode 0 0 1 Fear,
averse 0 0 1 Fear,
volcano 0 0 1 Fear,
noncompliance 0 0 1 Fear,
burial 0 0 1 Fear,
knockout 0 1 0 Fear,
spider 0 1 1 Fear,
stealing 0 0 1 Fear,
extrajudicial 0 0 1 Fear,
contend 0 1 0 Fear,
depress 0 0 1 Fear,
misfortune 0 0 1 Fear,
fraught 0 0 1 Fear,
unholy 0 0 1 Fear,
god 0 0 1 Fear,
revolting 0 0 1 Fear,
surprise 0 0 1 Fear,
outburst 0 0 1 Fear,
carcass 0 0 1 Fear,
revenge 0 1 1 Fear,
heartlessness 0 1 0 Fear,
struggle 0 0 1 Fear,
forcibly 0 0 1 Fear,
acrobat 0 0 1 Fear,
fret 0 0 1 Fear,
maniac 0 0 1 Fear,
hopeless 0 0 1 Fear,
disfigured 0 0 1 Fear,
synonymous 0 0 1 Fear,
hearing 0 0 1 Fear,
bombard 0 0 1 Fear,
adventitious 0 1 0 Fear,
hood 0 0 1 Fear,
rejects 0 0 1 Fear,
hearse 0 0 1 Fear,
inferno 0 0 1 Fear,
duress 0 0 1 Fear,
murder 0 1 1 Fear,
collapse 0 0 1 Fear,
palsy 0 0 1 Fear,
anxiety 0 0 1 Fear,
affront 0 0 1 Fear,
rampage 0 1 1 Fear,
coward 0 0 1 Fear,
exorcism 0 0 1 Fear,
pneumonia 0 0 1 Fear,
arraignment 0 0 1 Fear,
hallucination 0 0 1 Fear,
feeling 0 0 1 Fear,
unrest 0 0 1 Fear,
pessimism 0 0 1 Fear,
pessimist 0 0 1 Fear,
forced 0 0 1 Fear,
relapse 0 0 1 Fear,
isolated 0 0 1 Fear,
thundering 0 0 1 Fear,
lion 0 0 1 Fear,
infliction 0 0 1 Fear,
carcinoma 0 0 1 Fear,
reverence 0 1 0 Fear,
autopsy 0 0 1 Fear,
grave 0 0 1 Fear,
medical 0 0 1 Fear,
devastating 0 0 1 Fear,
swamp 0 0 1 Fear,
demoralized 0 0 1 Fear,
flog 0 0 1 Fear,
oppress 0 0 1 Fear,
urgency 0 0 1 Fear,
discontent 0 0 1 Fear,
bomb 0 1 1 Fear,
armament 0 0 1 Fear,
precarious 0 0 1 Fear,
ulcer 0 0 1 Fear,
lethal 0 0 1 Fear,
resisting 0 0 1 Fear,
varicella 0 0 1 Fear,
cripple 0 0 1 Fear,
brimstone 0 0 1 Fear,
supremacy 0 0 1 Fear,
disgust 0 0 1 Fear,
edict 0 0 1 Fear,
smut 0 0 1 Fear,
watch 0 0 1 Fear,
haunted 0 0 1 Fear,
nasty 0 0 1 Fear,
volatility 0 0 1 Fear,
collusion 0 0 1 Fear,
illegitimate 0 0 1 Fear,
bad 0 0 1 Fear,
erupt 0 1 0 Fear,
troop 0 1 0 Fear,
crucifixion 0 0 1 Fear,
steal 0 0 1 Fear,
penance 0 0 1 Fear,
disaster 0 0 1 Fear,
demented 0 0 1 Fear,
damnation 0 0 1 Fear,
gladiator 0 0 1 Fear,
diffidence 0 1 0 Fear,
stealthy 0 0 1 Fear,
sordid 0 0 1 Fear,
startle 0 0 1 Fear,
mum 0 0 1 Fear,
pirate 0 1 0 Fear,
warrior 0 0 1 Fear,
infidel 0 0 1 Fear,
confusion 0 0 1 Fear,
conflagration 0 0 1 Fear,
defiance 0 0 1 Fear,
carnivorous 0 0 1 Fear,
tyranny 0 0 1 Fear,
cop 0 0 1 Fear,
accident 0 0 1 Fear,
veer 0 0 1 Fear,
coy 0 0 1 Fear,
ill 0 0 1 Fear,
spear 0 0 1 Fear,
freakish 0 0 1 Fear,
seizure 0 0 1 Fear,
cult 0 0 1 Fear,
smuggler 0 0 1 Fear,
arsenic 0 0 1 Fear,
rend 0 1 0 Fear,
trickery 0 0 1 Fear,
eradication 0 0 1 Fear,
scarecrow 0 0 1 Fear,
lockup 0 0 1 Fear,
sprite 0 0 1 Fear,
beastly 0 0 1 Fear,
suppress 0 0 1 Fear,
excite 0 0 1 Fear,
confinement 0 0 1 Fear,
chill 0 1 0 Fear,
harshness 0 0 1 Fear,
sly 0 0 1 Fear,
vendetta 0 0 1 Fear,
apprehension 0 1 1 Fear,
slam 0 0 1 Fear,
leprosy 0 0 1 Fear,
thrash 0 0 1 Fear,
cracked 0 0 1 Fear,
mangle 0 0 1 Fear,
procedure 0 0 1 Fear,
cane 0 0 1 Fear,
sting 0 0 1 Fear,
shame 0 0 1 Fear,
violent 0 0 1 Fear,
straits 0 0 1 Fear,
euthanasia 0 0 1 Fear,
exile 0 0 1 Fear,
campaigning 0 0 1 Fear,
plunge 0 0 1 Fear,
mouse 0 1 0 Fear,
stint 0 0 1 Fear,
disappear 0 0 1 Fear,
growl 0 0 1 Fear,
descent 0 0 1 Fear,
wound 0 0 1 Fear,
rebellion 0 0 1 Fear,
indictment 0 0 1 Fear,
raid 0 0 1 Fear,
hang 0 1 0 Fear,
evil 0 0 1 Fear,
afraid 0 0 1 Fear,
warden 0 0 1 Fear,
bunker 0 0 1 Fear,
overt 0 0 1 Fear,
weakly 0 0 1 Fear,
intrusion 0 0 1 Fear,
possessed 0 0 1 Fear,
failing 0 0 1 Fear,
punishment 0 0 1 Fear,
stillness 0 0 1 Fear,
coldness 0 0 1 Fear,
detainee 0 0 1 Fear,
sentence 0 0 1 Fear,
gravity 0 1 0 Fear,
victim 0 0 1 Fear,
plight 0 0 1 Fear,
impending 0 0 1 Fear,
fearful 0 1 1 Fear,
forfeiture 0 0 1 Fear,
syncope 0 0 1 Fear,
assassination 0 0 1 Fear,
elf 0 0 1 Fear,
hag 0 0 1 Fear,
prison 0 0 1 Fear,
falter 0 0 1 Fear,
elevation 0 0 1 Fear,
vulture 0 0 1 Fear,
birth 0 0 1 Fear,
shadow 0 1 0 Fear,
daemon 0 0 1 Fear,
brutality 0 0 1 Fear,
grizzly 0 0 1 Fear,
banshee 0 0 1 Fear,
regiment 0 0 1 Fear,
starvation 0 0 1 Fear,
maltreatment 0 1 0 Fear,
cowardice 0 0 1 Fear,
battlefield 0 0 1 Fear,
attorney 0 0 1 Fear,
captive 0 0 1 Fear,
escape 0 0 1 Fear,
prick 0 0 1 Fear,
coercion 0 0 1 Fear,
inhuman 0 0 1 Fear,
distrust 0 0 1 Fear,
repression 0 0 1 Fear,
foe 0 0 1 Fear,
indoctrination 0 0 1 Fear,
intolerant 0 0 1 Fear,
convict 0 0 1 Fear,
beating 0 0 1 Fear,
deflation 0 0 1 Fear,
brawl 0 0 1 Fear,
blackmail 0 0 1 Fear,
repellant 0 0 1 Fear,
squeamish 0 0 1 Fear,
newcomer 0 0 1 Fear,
cardiomyopathy 0 0 1 Fear,
chaff 0 0 1 Fear,
obi 0 0 1 Fear,
hostilities 0 0 1 Fear,
despair 0 0 1 Fear,
repellent 0 0 1 Fear,
wasting 0 0 1 Fear,
formidable 0 0 1 Fear,
frightened 0 1 1 Fear,
infidelity 0 0 1 Fear,
flying 0 0 1 Fear,
jealousy 0 0 1 Fear,
fight 0 1 1 Fear,
war 0 1 1 Fear,
intolerance 0 0 1 Fear,
failure 0 0 1 Fear,
powerfully 0 0 1 Fear,
surrender 0 0 1 Fear,
protestant 0 0 1 Fear,
prowl 0 0 1 Fear,
ruined 0 0 1 Fear,
pest 0 0 1 Fear,
horrifying 0 0 1 Fear,
panicky 0 1 0 Fear,
penal 0 0 1 Fear,
fury 0 1 1 Fear,
sinful 0 0 1 Fear,
despotism 0 0 1 Fear,
decapitation 0 1 0 Fear,
anthrax 0 0 1 Fear,
incursion 0 0 1 Fear,
injurious 0 0 1 Fear,
upheaval 0 0 1 Fear,
dying 0 0 1 Fear,
alerts 0 0 1 Fear,
flood 0 0 1 Fear,
vanished 0 0 1 Fear,
shrink 0 0 1 Fear,
insolvency 0 0 1 Fear,
trepidation 0 1 1 Fear,
journey 0 0 1 Fear,
persecution 0 0 1 Fear,
bullet 0 1 0 Fear,
quandary 0 0 1 Fear,
loyal 0 0 1 Fear,
gonorrhea 0 0 1 Fear,
premeditated 0 0 1 Fear,
revoke 0 0 1 Fear,
rob 0 0 1 Fear,
rod 0 0 1 Fear,
crocodile 0 0 1 Fear,
avalanche 0 0 1 Fear,
jarring 0 0 1 Fear,
battle 0 1 0 Fear,
idolatry 0 0 1 Fear,
bomber 0 0 1 Fear,
rot 0 0 1 Fear,
skid 0 0 1 Fear,
suicide 0 0 1 Fear,
flounder 0 0 1 Fear,
sufferer 0 0 1 Fear,
disgusting 0 0 1 Fear,
abhorrent 0 0 1 Fear,
appendicitis 0 0 1 Fear,
terror 0 1 1 Fear,
lynch 0 0 1 Fear,
blast 0 1 1 Fear,
annihilated 0 0 1 Fear,
banished 0 0 1 Fear,
policeman 0 0 1 Fear,
die 0 0 1 Fear,
fragile 0 0 1 Fear,
gun 0 1 1 Fear,
insufflate 0 1 0 Fear,
speculation 0 0 1 Fear,
prevent 0 0 1 Fear,
plummet 0 0 1 Fear,
invader 0 0 1 Fear,
fearing 0 0 1 Fear,
sign 0 1 0 Fear,
bombardment 0 0 1 Fear,
scarcity 0 0 1 Fear,
anaconda 0 0 1 Fear,
ravenous 0 0 1 Fear,
helpless 0 0 1 Fear,
tempest 0 0 1 Fear,
curse 0 0 1 Fear,
jeopardy 0 0 1 Fear,
havoc 0 0 1 Fear,
suspect 0 1 1 Fear,
alertness 0 0 1 Fear,
explosion 0 0 1 Fear,
wail 0 0 1 Fear,
victimized 0 0 1 Fear,
superstition 0 0 1 Fear,
witch 0 0 1 Fear,
apache 0 0 1 Fear,
combatant 0 1 1 Fear,
earthquake 0 0 1 Fear,
change 0 0 1 Fear,
molestation 0 0 1 Fear,
buck 0 0 1 Fear,
guilty 0 1 0 Fear,
detonate 0 0 1 Fear,
burdensome 0 0 1 Fear,
denunciation 0 0 1 Fear,
cyst 0 0 1 Fear,
bloody 0 0 1 Fear,
uphill 0 0 1 Fear,
paralyzed 0 0 1 Fear,
verge 0 0 1 Fear,
ailing 0 0 1 Fear,
stingy 0 0 1 Fear,
sympathetic 0 0 1 Fear,
senile 0 0 1 Fear,
prey 0 0 1 Fear,
opposed 0 0 1 Fear,
scaffold 0 0 1 Fear,
wicked 0 0 1 Fear,
dismay 0 1 1 Fear,
riot 0 0 1 Fear,
leeches 0 0 1 Fear,
validity 0 0 1 Fear,
odious 0 0 1 Fear,
drown 0 0 1 Fear,
dismal 0 0 1 Fear,
misconception 0 0 1 Fear,
tribunal 0 0 1 Fear,
avoiding 0 0 1 Fear,
flu 0 0 1 Fear,
radon 0 0 1 Fear,
purge 0 0 1 Fear,
unruly 0 0 1 Fear,
crazy 0 1 1 Fear,
downfall 0 0 1 Fear,
parachute 0 0 1 Fear,
stroke 0 0 1 Fear,
battered 0 0 1 Fear,
offense 0 1 1 Fear,
bigot 0 0 1 Fear,
bankrupt 0 0 1 Fear,
lifeless 0 0 1 Fear,
militia 0 1 1 Fear,
deteriorate 0 0 1 Fear,
irrational 0 0 1 Fear,
laxative 0 0 1 Fear,
mad 0 0 1 Fear,
destructive 0 0 1 Fear,
omen 0 0 1 Fear,
thorny 0 0 1 Fear,
jail 0 0 1 Fear,
mange 0 0 1 Fear,
counsellor 0 0 1 Fear,
shaky 0 0 1 Fear,
fangs 0 0 1 Fear,
nefarious 0 0 1 Fear,
worship 0 0 1 Fear,
police 0 0 1 Fear,
despotic 0 0 1 Fear,
defenseless 0 0 1 Fear,
suffocate 0 1 0 Fear,
suspicion 0 0 1 Fear,
dreadfully 0 0 1 Fear,
suspension 0 0 1 Fear,
swastika 0 0 1 Fear,
cutter 0 0 1 Fear,
lonely 0 0 1 Fear,
killer 0 1 0 Fear,
shatter 0 0 1 Fear,
projectiles 0 0 1 Fear,
overpowering 0 0 1 Fear,
occult 0 0 1 Fear,
opera 0 0 1 Fear,
instability 0 0 1 Fear,
crushing 0 0 1 Fear,
treacherous 0 0 1 Fear,
owing 0 0 1 Fear,
tumultuous 0 0 1 Fear,
hysteria 0 1 1 Fear,
troll 0 0 1 Fear,
infarct 0 0 1 Fear,
astray 0 0 1 Fear,
ruinous 0 0 1 Fear,
dominate 0 0 1 Fear,
monster 0 0 1 Fear,
unexpected 0 0 1 Fear,
siege 0 1 0 Fear,
unfriendly 0 0 1 Fear,
rebel 0 0 1 Fear,
plea 0 0 1 Fear,
ominous 0 0 1 Fear,
orc 0 0 1 Fear,
advance 0 0 1 Fear,
deprivation 0 0 1 Fear,
pandemic 0 0 1 Fear,
honest 0 0 1 Fear,
indomitable 0 0 1 Fear,
undesirable 0 1 1 Fear,
outcry 0 0 1 Fear,
withstand 0 0 1 Fear,
reprisal 0 0 1 Fear,
ogre 0 0 1 Fear,
wrath 0 0 1 Fear,
shiver 0 0 1 Fear,
stifled 0 0 1 Fear,
persecute 0 0 1 Fear,
foreclose 0 0 1 Fear,
daunt 0 1 0 Fear,
bloodshed 0 0 1 Fear,
orphan 0 0 1 Fear,
hurtful 0 0 1 Fear,
scalpel 0 0 1 Fear,
illegality 0 0 1 Fear,
depressed 0 0 1 Fear,
mutilation 0 0 1 Fear,
poisoning 0 1 0 Fear,
troublesome 0 0 1 Fear,
illness 0 0 1 Fear,
contentious 0 0 1 Fear,
armored 0 0 1 Fear,
sag 0 0 1 Fear,
conspiracy 0 0 1 Fear,
suspense 0 1 1 Fear,
buried 0 0 1 Fear,
frenzied 0 0 1 Fear,
mislead 0 0 1 Fear,
hooded 0 0 1 Fear,
foreigner 0 0 1 Fear,
endangered 0 0 1 Fear,
fracture 0 1 0 Fear,
pain 0 0 1 Fear,
oppressive 0 0 1 Fear,
tornado 0 0 1 Fear,
usurped 0 0 1 Fear,
insanity 0 0 1 Fear,
assault 0 0 1 Fear,
tract 0 0 1 Fear,
radioactive 0 0 1 Fear,
shooter 0 0 1 Fear,
pernicious 0 0 1 Fear,
rating 0 0 1 Fear,
cobra 0 0 1 Fear,
shot 0 0 1 Fear,
banger 0 0 1 Fear,
scarce 0 0 1 Fear,
aggressive 0 0 1 Fear,
deportation 0 0 1 Fear,
unkind 0 1 1 Fear,
stormy 0 0 1 Fear,
crime 0 1 0 Fear,
gulp 0 0 1 Fear,
black 0 1 0 Fear,
travesty 0 0 1 Fear,
shrill 0 0 1 Fear,
alcoholism 0 0 1 Fear,
hostage 0 0 1 Fear,
cannon 0 0 1 Fear,
duel 0 0 1 Fear,
treachery 0 0 1 Fear,
cautionary 0 0 1 Fear,
revulsion 0 0 1 Fear,
harbinger 0 0 1 Fear,
obliterate 0 0 1 Fear,
barbaric 0 0 1 Fear,
worrying 0 0 1 Fear,
obliging 0 0 1 Fear,
angina 0 0 1 Fear,
stigma 0 0 1 Fear,
surgery 0 0 1 Fear,
puma 0 0 1 Fear,
mortgage 0 0 1 Fear,
alarming 0 0 1 Fear,
incite 0 0 1 Fear,
dismemberment 0 0 1 Fear,
hiss 0 0 1 Fear,
presage 0 1 0 Fear,
apparition 0 0 1 Fear,
pained 0 0 1 Fear,
killing 0 0 1 Fear,
coma 0 1 1 Fear,
cleave 0 0 1 Fear,
stretcher 0 0 1 Fear,
cabal 0 0 1 Fear,
cancer 0 1 1 Fear,
foreboding 0 1 1 Fear,
spank 0 0 1 Fear,
menacing 0 0 1 Fear,
mortification 0 0 1 Fear,
turkey 0 1 0 Fear,
tumour 0 0 1 Fear,
punished 0 0 1 Fear,
derogation 0 0 1 Fear,
devilish 0 0 1 Fear,
measles 0 0 1 Fear,
robber 0 0 1 Fear,
case 0 0 1 Fear,
predicament 0 0 1 Fear,
cupping 0 0 1 Fear,
cash 0 0 1 Fear,
hypertrophy 0 0 1 Fear,
intimately 0 0 1 Fear,
notoriety 0 0 1 Fear,
slippery 0 1 0 Fear,
landslide 0 0 1 Fear,
dubious 0 0 1 Fear,
bestial 0 0 1 Fear,
toothache 0 0 1 Fear,
worry 0 0 1 Fear,
helmet 0 0 1 Fear,
lava 0 0 1 Fear,
surveillance 0 0 1 Fear,
theocratic 0 0 1 Fear,
sickness 0 0 1 Fear,
defy 0 0 1 Fear,
incarceration 0 0 1 Fear,
bondage 0 0 1 Fear,
diseased 0 0 1 Fear,
bailiff 0 0 1 Fear,
dashed 0 0 1 Fear,
sinner 0 0 1 Fear,
peace 0 1 0 Fear,
diffident 0 1 0 Fear,
manipulation 0 0 1 Fear,
kill 0 0 1 Fear,
towering 0 0 1 Fear,
madness 0 0 1 Fear,
perilous 0 0 1 Fear,
death 0 1 1 Fear,
grounded 0 0 1 Fear,
senseless 0 0 1 Fear,
subversion 0 0 1 Fear,
ghetto 0 0 1 Fear,
blob 0 0 1 Fear,
overthrow 0 0 1 Fear,
mournful 0 0 1 Fear,
swim 0 0 1 Fear,
defection 0 0 1 Fear,
omnipotence 0 0 1 Fear,
dart 0 0 1 Fear,
inflation 0 0 1 Fear,
confined 0 0 1 Fear,
mob 0 0 1 Fear,
snare 0 0 1 Fear,
execution 0 1 1 Fear,
grim 0 0 1 Fear,
terrorize 0 0 1 Fear,
stranger 0 0 1 Fear,
malignancy 0 0 1 Fear,
lightning 0 0 1 Fear,
oblivion 0 0 1 Fear,
robbery 0 0 1 Fear,
claw 0 0 1 Fear,
obstruct 0 0 1 Fear,
afflict 0 0 1 Fear,
neuralgia 0 0 1 Fear,
servile 0 0 1 Fear,
locust 0 0 1 Fear,
slavery 0 0 1 Fear,
erase 0 0 1 Fear,
hemorrhage 0 0 1 Fear,
spasm 0 0 1 Fear,
perverse 0 0 1 Fear,
slaughtering 0 0 1 Fear,
debacle 0 0 1 Fear,
decomposition 0 0 1 Fear,
knife 0 1 0 Fear,
throb 0 0 1 Fear,
slaughter 0 0 1 Fear,
squall 0 0 1 Fear,
broken 0 0 1 Fear,
dastardly 0 0 1 Fear,
opium 0 0 1 Fear,
contagion 0 0 1 Fear,
paralysis 0 0 1 Fear,
tumor 0 0 1 Fear,
demonic 0 0 1 Fear,
disintegrate 0 0 1 Fear,
assassin 0 0 1 Fear,
deranged 0 0 1 Fear,
dagger 0 0 1 Fear,
cursed 0 0 1 Fear,
homeless 0 0 1 Fear,
syringe 0 0 1 Fear,
wan 0 0 1 Fear,
wildfire 0 0 1 Fear,
burglar 0 0 1 Fear,
madden 0 0 1 Fear,
desert 0 0 1 Fear,
hangdog 0 1 0 Fear,
dislocated 0 0 1 Fear,
dictator 0 0 1 Fear,
hysterical 0 1 1 Fear,
purgatory 0 0 1 Fear,
hesitance 0 1 0 Fear,
gory 0 0 1 Fear,
gore 0 0 1 Fear,
elimination 0 0 1 Fear,
darken 0 0 1 Fear,
annihilate 0 0 1 Fear,
default 0 0 1 Fear,
extermination 0 0 1 Fear,
punitive 0 0 1 Fear,
powerless 0 0 1 Fear,
fright 0 0 1 Fear,
frighten 0 1 1 Fear,
censor 0 0 1 Fear,
exigent 0 0 1 Fear,
appalling 0 0 1 Fear,
operation 0 0 1 Fear,
casualty 0 0 1 Fear,
abyss 0 0 1 Fear,
repent 0 0 1 Fear,
heathen 0 0 1 Fear,
desolation 0 0 1 Fear,
cove 0 0 1 Fear,
seriousness 0 0 1 Fear,
infirmity 0 0 1 Fear,
consternation 0 0 1 Fear,
infanticide 0 0 1 Fear,
recklessness 0 0 1 Fear,
refutation 0 0 1 Fear,
treason 0 0 1 Fear,
growling 0 0 1 Fear,
influenza 0 1 0 Fear,
lace 0 0 1 Fear,
embolism 0 0 1 Fear,
beware 0 0 1 Fear,
sunk 0 0 1 Fear,
reluctant 0 0 1 Fear,
dreadful 0 1 1 Fear,
catastrophe 0 0 1 Fear,
hunting 0 0 1 Fear,
volunteer 0 0 1 Fear,
hideous 0 1 1 Fear,
worse 0 0 1 Fear,
horror 0 1 1 Fear,
cadaver 0 0 1 Fear,
blockade 0 0 1 Fear,
admonition 0 0 1 Fear,
awful 0 1 1 Fear,
dictatorship 0 0 1 Fear,
dinosaur 0 0 1 Fear,
manslaughter 0 0 1 Fear,
lawyer 0 0 1 Fear,
destitute 0 0 1 Fear,
swampy 0 0 1 Fear,
hesitation 0 0 1 Fear,
darkness 0 0 1 Fear,
poisonous 0 0 1 Fear,
whimper 0 0 1 Fear,
rascal 0 0 1 Fear,
undecided 0 0 1 Fear,
turmoil 0 0 1 Fear,
ferocious 0 0 1 Fear,
malaria 0 0 1 Fear,
wrangling 0 0 1 Fear,
fugitive 0 0 1 Fear,
disastrous 0 0 1 Fear,
hopelessness 0 0 1 Fear,
tragedy 0 0 1 Fear,
criminality 0 0 1 Fear,
creeps 0 1 0 Fear,
enmity 0 0 1 Fear,
brutal 0 0 1 Fear,
horrified 0 1 1 Fear,
misery 0 0 1 Fear,
smuggle 0 0 1 Fear,
cataract 0 0 1 Fear,
toughness 0 0 1 Fear,
cowardly 0 0 1 Fear,
fearfully 0 0 1 Fear,
captor 0 0 1 Fear,
armed 0 0 1 Fear,
casket 0 0 1 Fear,
khan 0 0 1 Fear,
injure 0 0 1 Fear,
destination 0 0 1 Fear,
anathema 0 0 1 Fear,
quash 0 0 1 Fear,
libel 0 0 1 Fear,
mysterious 0 0 1 Fear,
injury 0 0 1 Fear,
unthinkable 0 0 1 Fear,
kerosene 0 0 1 Fear,
sorcery 0 0 1 Fear,
domination 0 0 1 Fear,
grisly 0 0 1 Fear,
dissident 0 0 1 Fear,
broke 0 0 1 Fear,
coyote 0 0 1 Fear,
doom 0 0 1 Fear,
offender 0 0 1 Fear,
abandon 0 0 1 Fear,
grope 0 0 1 Fear,
Hitler 0 1 0 Fear,
atrocious 0 1 0 Fear,
abandonment 0 0 1 Fear,
conspire 0 0 1 Fear,
coerce 0 0 1 Fear,
chimera 0 0 1 Fear,
scar 0 0 1 Fear,
homicide 0 0 1 Fear,
siren 0 0 1 Fear,
court 0 0 1 Fear,
imminent 0 0 1 Fear,
unlucky 0 0 1 Fear,
reject 0 0 1 Fear,
creature 0 0 1 Fear,
gash 0 0 1 Fear,
uprising 0 0 1 Fear,
dwarfed 0 0 1 Fear,
sneak 0 0 1 Fear,
disable 0 0 1 Fear,
waver 0 0 1 Fear,
malevolent 0 0 1 Fear,
criticize 0 0 1 Fear,
deluge 0 0 1 Fear,
shady 0 0 1 Fear,
dragon 0 0 1 Fear,
deserted 0 0 1 Fear,
assailant 0 0 1 Fear,
dread 0 0 1 Fear,
deterioration 0 0 1 Fear,
comatose 0 0 1 Fear,
infant 0 0 1 Fear,
disabled 0 0 1 Fear,
bigoted 0 0 1 Fear,
hell 0 0 1 Fear,
emaciated 0 0 1 Fear,
pray 0 0 1 Fear,
absence 0 0 1 Fear,
rabble 0 0 1 Fear,
hurting 0 0 1 Fear,
disrespectful 0 0 1 Fear,
musket 0 0 1 Fear,
hunter 0 0 1 Fear,
belittle 0 0 1 Fear,
prejudiced 0 0 1 Fear,
reticent 0 0 1 Fear,
frigate 0 0 1 Fear,
imprisoned 0 0 1 Fear,
evade 0 0 1 Fear,
inequality 0 0 1 Fear,
subjugation 0 0 1 Fear,
harm 0 0 1 Fear,
weight 0 0 1 Fear,
jaws 0 0 1 Fear,
thirteenth 0 0 1 Fear,
irreconcilable 0 0 1 Fear,
inflict 0 0 1 Fear,
blues 0 0 1 Fear,
anarchy 0 0 1 Fear,
unsurpassed 0 0 1 Fear,
vertigo 0 0 1 Fear,
unnatural 0 0 1 Fear,
armaments 0 0 1 Fear,
cyclone 0 0 1 Fear,
soulless 0 0 1 Fear,
asp 0 0 1 Fear,
bully 0 0 1 Fear,
razor 0 0 1 Fear,
cockroach 0 1 0 Fear,
difficulty 0 0 1 Fear,
dire 0 0 1 Fear,
eventuality 0 0 1 Fear,
terrible 0 0 1 Fear,
threat 0 0 1 Fear,
cyanide 0 0 1 Fear,
corrupting 0 0 1 Fear,
raptors 0 0 1 Fear,
unhealthy 0 0 1 Fear,
radical 0 1 0 Fear,
belligerent 0 0 1 Fear,
barbarian 0 0 1 Fear,
revolution 0 0 1 Fear,
ethereal 0 0 1 Fear,
legalized 0 0 1 Fear,
moan 0 0 1 Fear,
perturbation 0 0 1 Fear,
divorce 0 0 1 Fear,
threatening 0 0 1 Fear,
doomsday 0 0 1 Fear,
punishing 0 0 1 Fear,
merciless 0 0 1 Fear,
pare 0 0 1 Fear,
typhoon 0 0 1 Fear,
rifle 0 0 1 Fear,
interviewer 0 0 1 Fear,
carnage 0 0 1 Fear,
savagery 0 0 1 Fear,
lament 0 0 1 Fear,
annihilation 0 0 1 Fear,
stalk 0 0 1 Fear,
uncanny 0 0 1 Fear,
risky 0 0 1 Fear,
executioner 0 0 1 Fear,
swerve 0 0 1 Fear,
confessional 0 0 1 Fear,
suffocating 0 0 1 Fear,
unjustifiable 0 0 1 Fear,
lie 0 1 0 Fear,
adrift 0 0 1 Fear,
unassertiveness 0 1 0 Fear,
evasion 0 0 1 Fear,
jeopardize 0 0 1 Fear,
bacteria 0 0 1 Fear,
pillage 0 0 1 Fear,
eruption 0 0 1 Fear,
react 0 0 1 Fear,
plunder 0 0 1 Fear,
mace 0 0 1 Fear,
adder 0 0 1 Fear,
unequal 0 0 1 Fear,
arson 0 0 1 Fear,
incase 0 0 1 Fear,
bugaboo 0 0 1 Fear,
attacking 0 0 1 Fear,
standoff 0 0 1 Fear,
stunned 0 0 1 Fear,
exterminate 0 0 1 Fear,
swelling 0 0 1 Fear,
aghast 0 0 1 Fear,
vampire 0 0 1 Fear,
malignant 0 0 1 Fear,
felon 0 0 1 Fear,
distressing 0 0 1 Fear,
giant 0 0 1 Fear,
nervous 0 0 1 Fear,
ruin 0 0 1 Fear,
grotesque 0 1 0 Fear,
paranoia 0 0 1 Fear,
penalty 0 0 1 Fear,
fiend 0 0 1 Fear,
hardened 0 0 1 Fear,
indifference 0 0 1 Fear,
dominant 0 0 1 Fear,
cholera 0 0 1 Fear,
biopsy 0 0 1 Fear,
peril 0 0 1 Fear,
batter 0 0 1 Fear,
theft 0 0 1 Fear,
instinctive 0 0 1 Fear,
cruelly 0 0 1 Fear,
enemy 0 0 1 Fear,
immerse 0 0 1 Fear,
contagious 0 0 1 Fear,
tumult 0 0 1 Fear,
retaliation 0 1 1 Fear,
remove 0 0 1 Fear,
sacrifices 0 0 1 Fear,
Hell 0 1 0 Fear,
poisoned 0 0 1 Fear,
cringe 0 0 1 Fear,
insane 0 0 1 Fear,
martyrdom 0 0 1 Fear,
intelligence 0 0 1 Fear,
schizophrenia 0 0 1 Fear,
defense 0 0 1 Fear,
youth 0 0 1 Fear,
horrid 0 0 1 Fear,
degrading 0 0 1 Fear,
endocarditis 0 0 1 Fear,
woe 0 0 1 Fear,
soulmate 0 0 1 Fear,
avoidance 0 0 1 Fear,
missing 0 0 1 Fear,
intimidated 0 1 0 Fear,
fatality 0 0 1 Fear,
hesitant 0 1 0 Fear,
sultan 0 0 1 Fear,
interrogate 0 0 1 Fear,
buzz 0 0 1 Fear,
lash 0 0 1 Fear,
weirdo 0 0 1 Fear,
clashing 0 0 1 Fear,
sepsis 0 0 1 Fear,
deceit 0 0 1 Fear,
eviction 0 0 1 Fear,
belt 0 0 1 Fear,
devil 0 0 1 Fear,
mutiny 0 0 1 Fear,
threaten 0 1 1 Fear,
intrusive 0 0 1 Fear,
fire 0 1 1 Fear,
ineptitude 0 0 1 Fear,
ghostly 0 0 1 Fear,
cruelty 0 1 1 Fear,
deport 0 0 1 Fear,
heighten 0 0 1 Fear,
loom 0 0 1 Fear,
uncertain 0 0 1 Fear,
conspirator 0 0 1 Fear,
socialist 0 0 1 Fear,
holocaust 0 0 1 Fear,
socialism 0 0 1 Fear,
barricade 0 0 1 Fear,
endanger 0 1 1 Fear,
violently 0 0 1 Fear,
demon 0 0 1 Fear,
obstacle 0 0 1 Fear,
frantic 0 0 1 Fear,
chasm 0 0 1 Fear,
quail 0 0 1 Fear,
anguish 0 0 1 Fear,
riotous 0 0 1 Fear,
expulsion 0 0 1 Fear,
rheumatism 0 0 1 Fear,
dishonor 0 0 1 Fear,
butcher 0 0 1 Fear,
shackle 0 0 1 Fear,
firearms 0 0 1 Fear,
ugliness 0 0 1 Fear,
conflict 0 0 1 Fear,
displeased 0 0 1 Fear,
cartridge 0 0 1 Fear,
deformity 0 0 1 Fear,
retrenchment 0 0 1 Fear,
rabid 0 0 1 Fear,
birch 0 0 1 Fear,
timid 0 0 1 Fear,
infamous 0 0 1 Fear,
auditor 0 0 1 Fear,
howl 0 0 1 Fear,
vigilant 0 0 1 Fear,
discipline 0 0 1 Fear,
retirement 0 0 1 Fear,
cur 0 0 1 Fear,
cemetery 0 0 1 Fear,
suffocation 0 0 1 Fear,
emergency 0 1 1 Fear,
condemnation 0 0 1 Fear,
suffering 0 0 1 Fear,
entangled 0 0 1 Fear,
lunacy 0 0 1 Fear,
incrimination 0 0 1 Fear,
blemish 0 0 1 Fear,
tyrant 0 0 1 Fear,
eel 0 0 1 Fear,
deleterious 0 0 1 Fear,
unstable 0 0 1 Fear,
wrecked 0 0 1 Fear,
disorder 0 0 1 Fear,
parade 0 0 1 Fear,
impeach 0 0 1 Fear,
urgent 0 0 1 Fear,
mighty 0 0 1 Fear,
mortgagor 0 0 1 Fear,
savage 0 0 1 Fear,
mortuary 0 0 1 Fear,
defamation 0 0 1 Fear,
timidity 0 1 1 Fear,
seclusion 0 0 1 Fear,
invade 0 0 1 Fear,
concealed 0 0 1 Fear,
chargeable 0 0 1 Fear,
taboo 0 0 1 Fear,
intense 0 0 1 Fear,
cautious 0 0 1 Fear,
gnome 0 0 1 Fear,
constraint 0 0 1 Fear,
impermeable 0 0 1 Fear,
frightful 0 0 1 Fear,
subvert 0 0 1 Fear,
ambush 0 0 1 Fear,
repulsion 0 0 1 Fear,
hatred 0 0 1 Fear,
encumbrance 0 0 1 Fear,
conquest 0 0 1 Fear,
appropriate 0 1 0 Fear,
delusional 0 0 1 Fear,
bankruptcy 0 0 1 Fear,
poaching 0 0 1 Fear,
warned 0 0 1 Fear,
witchcraft 0 0 1 Fear,
disallowed 0 0 1 Fear,
opponent 0 0 1 Fear,
warlock 0 0 1 Fear,
imprisonment 0 0 1 Fear,
litigate 0 0 1 Fear,
settlor 0 0 1 Fear,
forbidding 0 0 1 Fear,
injection 0 0 1 Fear,
warlike 0 0 1 Fear,
outpost 0 0 1 Fear,
rejection 0 0 1 Fear,
seize 0 1 1 Fear,
psychosis 0 0 1 Fear,
cautiously 0 0 1 Fear,
indefensible 0 0 1 Fear,
aversion 0 0 1 Fear,
alarm 0 1 1 Fear,
flop 0 1 0 Fear,
raging 0 0 1 Fear,
stripped 0 0 1 Fear,
unsafe 0 0 1 Fear,
haunt 0 0 1 Fear,
scrapie 0 0 1 Fear,
languishing 0 0 1 Fear,
warning 0 1 1 Fear,
concealment 0 0 1 Fear,
phantom 0 0 1 Fear,
vehement 0 0 1 Fear,
adjudicate 0 0 1 Fear,
crypt 0 0 1 Fear,
malicious 0 0 1 Fear,
forewarned 0 0 1 Fear,
assassinate 0 0 1 Fear,
confine 0 0 1 Fear,
scapegoat 0 0 1 Fear,
wrongly 0 0 1 Fear,
excitation 0 0 1 Fear,
crouching 0 0 1 Fear,
resign 0 0 1 Fear,
suppression 0 0 1 Fear,
restrained 0 0 1 Fear,
aga 0 0 1 Fear,
scream 0 0 1 Fear,
accidental 0 0 1 Fear,
menace 0 0 1 Fear,
weighty 0 0 1 Fear,
pinion 0 0 1 Fear,
afraid(p) 0 1 0 Fear,
alien 0 0 1 Fear,
gang 0 0 1 Fear,
bait 0 0 1 Fear,
concerned 0 0 1 Fear,
shanghai 0 0 1 Fear,
corrosive 0 0 1 Fear,
blaze 0 1 0 Fear,
fatal 0 1 1 Fear,
brigade 0 0 1 Fear,
nervousness 0 0 1 Fear,
murderous 0 0 1 Fear,
torture 0 1 1 Fear,
talons 0 0 1 Fear,
enslaved 0 0 1 Fear,
spook 0 0 1 Fear,
abduction 0 0 1 Fear,
homicidal 0 0 1 Fear,
excruciating 0 0 1 Fear,
marry 0 0 1 Fear,
shock 0 0 1 Fear,
anxious 0 0 1 Fear,
verdict 0 0 1 Fear,
enforce 0 0 1 Fear,
picket 0 0 1 Fear,
bleeding 0 0 1 Fear,
abortion 0 0 1 Fear,
encroachment 0 0 1 Fear,
malice 0 0 1 Fear,
mishap 0 0 1 Fear,
sneaking 0 0 1 Fear,
abominable 0 0 1 Fear,
nether 0 0 1 Fear,
bearish 0 0 1 Fear,
disinformation 0 0 1 Fear,
punch 0 0 1 Fear,
poverty 0 0 1 Fear,
tremor 0 0 1 Fear,
uneasy 0 0 1 Fear,
distressed 0 0 1 Fear,
gent 0 0 1 Fear,
screech 0 0 1 Fear,
blizzard 0 1 0 Fear,
danger 0 0 1 Fear,
confession 0 0 1 Fear,
apprehensive 0 1 1 Fear,
scandal 0 0 1 Fear,
confidence 0 0 1 Fear,
remains 0 0 1 Fear,
illegal 0 0 1 Fear,
hydra 0 0 1 Fear,
doubt 0 0 1 Fear,
examination 0 0 1 Fear,
bottomless 0 0 1 Fear,
harrowing 0 0 1 Fear,
defendant 0 1 1 Fear,
impotence 0 0 1 Fear,
possession 0 0 1 Fear,
shipwreck 0 0 1 Fear,
infection 0 0 1 Fear,
missile 0 1 1 Fear,
virulence 0 0 1 Fear,
dentistry 0 0 1 Fear,
antichrist 0 0 1 Fear,
resection 0 0 1 Fear,
challenge 0 1 1 Fear,
recession 0 0 1 Fear,
irreparable 0 0 1 Fear,
nurture 0 0 1 Fear,
coffin 0 0 1 Fear,
violence 0 1 1 Fear,
dependence 0 0 1 Fear,
escaped 0 0 1 Fear,
villain 0 0 1 Fear,
devastate 0 0 1 Fear,
martyr 0 0 1 Fear,
contempt 0 0 1 Fear,
destroying 0 0 1 Fear,
neurotic 0 0 1 Fear,
delay 0 0 1 Fear,
prognosis 0 0 1 Fear,
rape 0 1 1 Fear,
immoral 0 0 1 Fear,
sin 0 0 1 Fear,
sweat 0 0 1 Fear,
halter 0 0 1 Fear,
leukemia 0 0 1 Fear,
hazard 0 1 1 Fear,
perjury 0 0 1 Fear,
abuse 0 0 1 Fear,
hawk 0 0 1 Fear,
xenophobia 0 0 1 Fear,
lines 0 0 1 Fear,
trembling 0 0 1 Fear,
crazed 0 0 1 Fear,
alienation 0 0 1 Fear,
perishing 0 0 1 Fear,
gunman 0 1 0 Fear,
quake 0 0 1 Fear,
contaminated 0 0 1 Fear,
exclusion 0 0 1 Fear,
decay 0 0 1 Fear,
shudder 0 1 1 Fear,
restrain 0 0 1 Fear,
lawlessness 0 0 1 Fear,
criminal 0 0 1 Fear,
rat 0 1 1 Fear,
crash 0 1 1 Fear,
lunatic 0 0 1 Fear,
dike 0 0 1 Fear,
cutting 0 0 1 Fear,
snake 0 0 1 Fear,
flee 0 0 1 Fear,
fled 0 0 1 Fear,
decapitate 0 1 0 Fear,
bewilderment 0 0 1 Fear,
thrill 0 0 1 Fear,
panic 0 1 1 Fear,
shortage 0 0 1 Fear,
shaking 0 0 1 Fear,
enigmatic 0 0 1 Fear,
armor 0 0 1 Fear,
dismissal 0 0 1 Fear,
unlawful 0 0 1 Fear,
chaos 0 0 1 Fear,
venom 0 0 1 Fear,
insolvent 0 0 1 Fear,
despairing 0 0 1 Fear,
perish 0 0 1 Fear,
discontinuity 0 0 1 Fear,
intruder 0 0 1 Fear,
regulatory 0 0 1 Fear,
obliteration 0 0 1 Fear,
hostile 0 0 1 Fear,
keep 0 1 0 Fear,
illicit 0 0 1 Fear,
projectile 0 1 1 Fear,
scare 0 1 1 Fear,
powerful 0 0 1 Fear,
disembodied 0 0 1 Fear,
brute 0 0 1 Fear,
bitch 0 0 1 Fear,
affliction 0 0 1 Fear,
probation 0 0 1 Fear,
endemic 0 0 1 Fear,
unknown 0 0 1 Fear,
inmate 0 0 1 Fear,
attack 0 1 1 Fear,
badness 0 0 1 Fear,
painful 0 0 1 Fear,
shell 0 0 1 Fear,
punish 0 0 1 Fear,
doomed 0 0 1 Fear,
thresh 0 0 1 Fear,
manifestation 0 0 1 Fear,
goblin 0 0 1 Fear,
morbidity 0 0 1 Fear,
ultimatum 0 0 1 Fear,
warfare 0 0 1 Fear,
shrapnel 0 0 1 Fear,
aggressor 0 0 1 Fear,
infectious 0 0 1 Fear,
bee 0 0 1 Fear,
torrent 0 0 1 Fear,
vengeful 0 0 1 Fear,
accusing 0 0 1 Fear,
recesses 0 0 1 Fear,
fluctuation 0 0 1 Fear,
abomination 0 0 1 Fear,
horrors 0 0 1 Fear,
torment 0 0 1 Fear,
dementia 0 0 1 Fear,
heft 0 0 1 Fear,
bacterium 0 0 1 Fear,
darkened 0 0 1 Fear,
precipice 0 0 1 Fear,
unsettled 0 0 1 Fear,
battled 0 0 1 Fear,
tyrannical 0 0 1 Fear,
spinster 0 0 1 Fear,
combat 0 0 1 Fear,
harmful 0 0 1 Fear,
rigor 0 0 1 Fear,
demise 0 0 1 Fear,
prisoner 0 0 1 Fear,
alarmed 0 1 0 Fear,
bloodthirsty 0 0 1 Fear,
discourage 0 0 1 Fear,
fang 0 0 1 Fear,
hydrocephalus 0 0 1 Fear,
disease 0 0 1 Fear,
constrain 0 0 1 Fear,
violation 0 0 1 Fear,
halting 0 0 1 Fear,
tearful 0 0 1 Fear,
traitor 0 0 1 Fear,
bier 0 0 1 Fear,
chicken 0 0 1 Fear,
asylum 0 0 1 Fear,
gasping 0 0 1 Fear,
communism 0 0 1 Fear,
craziness 0 1 0 Fear,
scorpion 0 0 1 Fear,
madman 0 0 1 Fear,
mug 0 0 1 Fear,
terminal 0 0 1 Fear,
tribulation 0 0 1 Fear,
oppressor 0 0 1 Fear,
flinch 0 0 1 Fear,
mortality 0 0 1 Fear,
pitfall 0 0 1 Fear,
prosecute 0 0 1 Fear,
beat 0 1 0 Fear,
massacre 0 0 1 Fear,
bear 0 0 1 Fear,
contraband 0 0 1 Fear,
spur 0 0 1 Fear,
endless 0 0 1 Fear,
smash 0 0 1 Fear,
shy 0 1 0 Fear,
quarantine 0 0 1 Fear,
perpetrator 0 0 1 Fear,
accuser 0 0 1 Fear,
expel 0 0 1 Fear,
turbulent 0 0 1 Fear,
immigrant 0 0 1 Fear,
accused 0 0 1 Fear,
desperate 0 1 0 Fear,
incurable 0 0 1 Fear,
dungeon 0 0 1 Fear,
insulting 0 0 1 Fear,
extradite 0 1 0 Fear,
nuclear 0 1 0 Fear,
nightmare 0 1 1 Fear,
posse 0 0 1 Fear,
viper 0 0 1 Fear,
horrible 0 0 1 Fear,
sabotage 0 0 1 Fear,
derogatory 0 0 1 Fear,
explosive 0 0 1 Fear,
sorrow 0 0 1 Fear,
embarrassment 0 0 1 Fear,
mandamus 0 0 1 Fear,
lawsuit 0 0 1 Fear,
mage 0 0 1 Fear,
antisocial 0 0 1 Fear,
insidious 0 0 1 Fear,
busted 0 0 1 Fear,
teasing 0 0 1 Fear,
incest 0 0 1 Fear,
indict 0 0 1 Fear,
monstrosity 0 0 1 Fear,
mafia 0 0 1 Fear,
accursed 0 0 1 Fear,
outsider 0 0 1 Fear,
discrimination 0 0 1 Fear,
hellish 0 0 1 Fear,
treat 0 0 1 Fear,
anomaly 0 0 1 Fear,
hateful 0 0 1 Fear,
infestation 0 0 1 Fear,
gunpowder 0 0 1 Fear,
banish 0 0 1 Fear,
abandoned 0 0 1 Fear,
intimidate 0 1 1 Fear,
resistant 0 0 1 Fear,
depreciation 0 0 1 Fear,
venomous 0 0 1 Fear,
whirlpool 0 0 1 Fear,
apprehend 0 0 1 Fear,
delusion 0 0 1 Fear,
disapprove 0 0 1 Fear,
thug 0 0 1 Fear,
sarcoma 0 0 1 Fear,
ransom 0 0 1 Fear,
terrorist 0 0 1 Fear,
radiation 0 0 1 Fear,
cross 0 0 1 Fear,
romance 0 0 1 Fear,
adverse 0 0 1 Fear,
blight 0 0 1 Fear,
terrorism 0 1 1 Fear,
difficult 0 0 1 Fear,
injured 0 0 1 Fear,
slave 0 0 1 Fear,
bashful 0 1 0 Fear,
bale 0 0 1 Fear,
forgotten 0 0 1 Fear,
outcast 0 0 1 Fear,
beast 0 0 1 Fear,
hangman 0 0 1 Fear,
fierce 0 0 1 Fear,
retard 0 0 1 Fear,
intercede 0 0 1 Fear,
weapon 0 1 0 Fear,
pickpocket 0 1 0 Fear,
insurmountable 0 0 1 Fear,
ravine 0 0 1 Fear,
raving 0 0 1 Fear,
masochism 0 0 1 Fear,
unbridled 0 0 1 Fear,
mistaken 0 0 1 Fear,
distress 0 0 1 Fear,
smite 0 0 1 Fear,
disturbance 0 0 1 Fear,
morgue 0 0 1 Fear,
scoundrel 0 0 1 Fear,
wimpy 0 0 1 Fear,
homework 0 0 1 Fear,
government 0 0 1 Fear,
taunt 0 0 1 Fear,
cutthroat 0 0 1 Fear,
crushed 0 0 1 Fear,
interrogation 0 0 1 Fear,
epidemic 0 1 1 Fear,
atrophy 0 0 1 Fear,
turbulence 0 0 1 Fear,
loss 0 0 1 Fear,
displaced 0 0 1 Fear,
parasite 0 0 1 Fear,
incendiary 0 0 1 Fear,
lose 0 0 1 Fear,
adversity 0 0 1 Fear,
glare 0 0 1 Fear,
thief 0 0 1 Fear,
melee 0 0 1 Fear,
incubus 0 0 1 Fear,
frenetic 0 0 1 Fear,
graduation 0 0 1 Fear,
helplessness 0 0 1 Fear,
avoid 0 0 1 Fear,
hurricane 0 0 1 Fear,
rattlesnake 0 0 1 Fear,
neurosis 0 0 1 Fear,
murderer 0 0 1 Fear,
obey 0 0 1 Fear,
combative 0 0 1 Fear,
prohibited 0 0 1 Fear,
hiding 0 0 1 Fear,
retribution 0 0 1 Fear,
iris 0 0 1 Fear,
exacerbation 0 0 1 Fear,
sinister 0 0 1 Fear,
sectarian 0 0 1 Fear,
slayer 0 0 1 Fear,
fear 0 1 1 Fear,
dominion 0 0 1 Fear,
fearless 0 0 1 Fear,
diabolical 0 0 1 Fear,
wilderness 0 0 1 Fear,
obliterated 0 0 1 Fear,
guard 0 0 1 Fear,
dispossessed 0 0 1 Fear,
noxious 0 0 1 Fear,
wimp 0 0 1 Fear,
shank 0 0 1 Fear,
hazardous 0 0 1 Fear,
evacuate 0 0 1 Fear,
shyness 0 1 0 Fear,
plague 0 0 1 Fear,
wince 0 0 1 Fear,
assail 0 0 1 Fear,
highest 0 0 1 Fear,
bug 0 0 1 Fear,
tactics 0 0 1 Fear,
behemoth 0 0 1 Fear,
dangerous 0 0 1 Fear,
grieve 0 0 1 Fear,
cruel 0 0 1 Fear,
problem 0 0 1 Fear,
horrific 0 0 1 Fear,
rubble 0 0 1 Fear,
crusade 0 0 1 Fear,
phalanx 0 0 1 Fear,
shooting 0 1 1 Fear,
slaughterhouse 0 0 1 Fear,
deadly 0 1 1 Fear,
offensive 0 1 0 Fear,
book 0 1 0 Fear,
perdition 0 0 1 Fear,
reckless 0 0 1 Fear,
desecration 0 0 1 Fear,
villainous 0 0 1 Fear,
traumatic 0 0 1 Fear,
oppression 0 0 1 Fear,
stab 0 0 1 Fear,
thumping 0 0 1 Fear,
animosity 0 0 1 Fear,
agonizing 0 0 1 Fear,
cliff 0 0 1 Fear,
ghost 0 1 1 Fear,
pestilence 0 0 1 Fear,
yelp 0 0 1 Fear,
rule 0 0 1 Fear,
abhor 0 0 1 Fear,
mercenary 0 0 1 Fear,
diagnosis 0 0 1 Fear,
yell 0 0 1 Fear,
defend 0 0 1 Fear,
unspeakable 0 0 1 Fear,
credible 0 1 0 Hope,
dedicated 0 1 0 Hope,
antibiotic 0 1 0 Hope,
help 0 1 0 Hope,
gold 0 1 0 Hope,
sanguine 0 1 0 Hope,
sanguinity 0 1 0 Hope,
encouraging 0 1 0 Hope,
encouragement 0 1 0 Hope,
proper 0 1 0 Hope,
concede 0 1 0 Hope,
committed 0 1 0 Hope,
helm 0 1 0 Hope,
dwelling 0 1 0 Hope,
supportive 0 1 0 Hope,
biography 0 1 0 Hope,
acquit 0 1 0 Hope,
probability 0 1 0 Hope,
support 0 1 0 Hope,
comfort 0 1 0 Hope,
hopeful 0 1 0 Hope,
construct 0 1 0 Hope,
fortunate 0 1 0 Hope,
hopefulness 0 1 0 Hope,
shelter 0 1 0 Hope,
encourage 0 1 0 Hope,
animation 0 1 0 Hope,
black 0 1 0 Hope,
donor 0 1 0 Hope,
leader 0 1 0 Hope,
backsliding 0 1 0 Hope,
discovery 0 1 0 Hope,
life 0 1 0 Hope,
survive 0 1 0 Hope,
exalted 0 1 0 Hope,
clue 0 1 0 Hope,
remedy 0 1 0 Hope,
gain 0 1 0 Hope,
pressure-cook 0 1 0 Hope,
believe 0 1 0 Hope,
vaccine 0 1 0 Hope,
fortune 0 1 0 Hope,
freedom 0 1 0 Hope,
university 0 1 0 Hope,
democrat 0 1 0 Hope,
optimism 0 1 0 Hope,
antidepressant 0 1 0 Hope,
hope 0 1 0 Hope,
aid 0 1 0 Hope,
facilitate 0 1 0 Hope,
optimistic 0 1 0 Hope,
superman 0 0 1 Joy,
two-dimensional 1 0 0 Joy,
pardon 1 0 0 Joy,
similarity 1 0 0 Joy,
copy 1 0 0 Joy,
desirable 1 0 0 Joy,
encouragingly 1 0 0 Joy,
dynasty 1 0 0 Joy,
four 1 0 0 Joy,
obstruction 1 0 0 Joy,
prefix 1 0 0 Joy,
nursery 1 0 1 Joy,
asian 1 0 0 Joy,
ornate 1 0 0 Joy,
grandparent 1 0 0 Joy,
appetite 1 0 0 Joy,
integrity 1 0 0 Joy,
trolley 1 0 0 Joy,
muzzle 1 0 0 Joy,
voter 1 0 0 Joy,
buddy 1 0 1 Joy,
strengthful 1 0 0 Joy,
tickle 0 0 1 Joy,
swat 1 0 0 Joy,
activist 1 0 0 Joy,
thinness 1 0 0 Joy,
swap 1 0 0 Joy,
trousers 1 0 0 Joy,
regal 1 0 0 Joy,
lord 1 0 0 Joy,
pride 0 1 1 Joy,
worth 1 0 0 Joy,
merchant 1 0 0 Joy,
conjecture 1 0 0 Joy,
affair 1 0 0 Joy,
rescue 1 0 1 Joy,
physician 1 0 0 Joy,
compassion 1 0 0 Joy,
dynamic 1 0 0 Joy,
rise 1 0 0 Joy,
procession 1 0 1 Joy,
every 1 0 0 Joy,
gratification 1 1 0 Joy,
thriving 0 0 1 Joy,
uncertain 1 0 0 Joy,
hitch 1 0 0 Joy,
pizzeria 1 0 0 Joy,
vast 1 0 0 Joy,
chapel 1 0 0 Joy,
disturb 1 0 0 Joy,
receiving 0 0 1 Joy,
scholar 1 0 0 Joy,
beam 1 0 1 Joy,
daydream 1 0 0 Joy,
wooden 1 0 0 Joy,
cause 1 0 0 Joy,
solution 1 0 0 Joy,
samurai 1 0 0 Joy,
convenience 1 0 0 Joy,
crotch 1 0 0 Joy,
socialist 1 0 0 Joy,
triumph 0 1 1 Joy,
jeff 1 0 0 Joy,
tenderheartedness 1 0 0 Joy,
entertained 0 0 1 Joy,
bill 1 0 0 Joy,
maneuver 1 0 0 Joy,
almond 1 0 0 Joy,
japanese 1 0 0 Joy,
pulse 1 0 0 Joy,
preacher 1 0 0 Joy,
elegant 1 0 1 Joy,
crave 1 0 0 Joy,
street 1 0 0 Joy,
internal 1 0 0 Joy,
levitate 1 0 0 Joy,
emptiness 1 0 0 Joy,
expressive 1 0 0 Joy,
panda 1 0 0 Joy,
white-out 1 0 0 Joy,
aim 1 0 0 Joy,
stardom 1 0 0 Joy,
christ 1 0 0 Joy,
deliberate 1 0 0 Joy,
rekindle 0 0 1 Joy,
thong 1 0 0 Joy,
orchestra 0 0 1 Joy,
liberty 1 0 1 Joy,
socialism 1 0 0 Joy,
reverently 1 0 0 Joy,
toll 1 0 0 Joy,
new 1 0 0 Joy,
net 1 0 0 Joy,
ever 1 0 0 Joy,
godly 0 0 1 Joy,
disney 1 0 0 Joy,
specialist 1 0 0 Joy,
hero 1 0 1 Joy,
festive 0 0 1 Joy,
revels 0 0 1 Joy,
splinter 1 0 0 Joy,
kindred 0 0 1 Joy,
here 1 0 0 Joy,
satchel 1 0 0 Joy,
protection 1 0 0 Joy,
ethanol 1 0 0 Joy,
humility 1 0 0 Joy,
active 1 0 0 Joy,
quite 1 0 0 Joy,
interpret 1 0 0 Joy,
celebration 1 1 1 Joy,
dry 1 0 0 Joy,
substance 1 0 0 Joy,
daughter 0 0 1 Joy,
oxford 1 0 0 Joy,
study 1 0 0 Joy,
economics 1 0 0 Joy,
completely 1 0 0 Joy,
kudos 0 0 1 Joy,
credit 1 0 0 Joy,
cindy 1 0 0 Joy,
permit 1 0 0 Joy,
symmetrical 1 0 0 Joy,
intrigue 1 0 0 Joy,
golden 1 0 0 Joy,
regimentation 0 1 0 Joy,
secure 1 0 0 Joy,
classification 1 0 0 Joy,
mobility 1 0 0 Joy,
straw 1 0 0 Joy,
lovable 0 0 1 Joy,
charisma 1 0 0 Joy,
ribbon 1 0 1 Joy,
strap 1 0 0 Joy,
habitation 1 0 0 Joy,
why 1 0 0 Joy,
unix 1 0 0 Joy,
vivid 0 0 1 Joy,
redness 1 0 0 Joy,
hapiness 1 0 0 Joy,
total 1 0 0 Joy,
absolution 1 0 1 Joy,
plot 1 0 0 Joy,
sexual 1 0 0 Joy,
good-hearted 1 0 0 Joy,
marine 1 0 0 Joy,
motivate 1 0 0 Joy,
magnify 1 0 0 Joy,
sample 1 0 0 Joy,
symphony 0 0 1 Joy,
call 1 0 0 Joy,
therefore 1 0 0 Joy,
knoll 1 0 0 Joy,
survive 1 0 0 Joy,
tradesman 1 0 0 Joy,
tell 1 0 0 Joy,
calf 0 0 1 Joy,
vegetate 1 0 0 Joy,
fervor 0 0 1 Joy,
holy 1 0 0 Joy,
relax 1 1 0 Joy,
successful 0 0 1 Joy,
naive 1 0 0 Joy,
reign 1 0 0 Joy,
cavern 1 0 0 Joy,
lunge 1 0 0 Joy,
stationery 1 0 0 Joy,
backwards 1 0 0 Joy,
excellent 0 0 1 Joy,
hold 1 0 0 Joy,
must 1 0 0 Joy,
abundance 1 0 1 Joy,
shamrock 1 0 0 Joy,
hideout 1 0 0 Joy,
join 1 0 0 Joy,
crest 1 0 0 Joy,
accomplishment 1 0 0 Joy,
gasoline 1 0 0 Joy,
advocacy 0 0 1 Joy,
whack 1 0 0 Joy,
jocundity 0 1 0 Joy,
movies 1 0 0 Joy,
locker 1 0 0 Joy,
cuddle 1 0 1 Joy,
mechanic 1 0 0 Joy,
henry 1 0 0 Joy,
already 1 0 0 Joy,
plunger 1 0 0 Joy,
machinist 1 0 0 Joy,
example 1 0 0 Joy,
decorative 1 0 0 Joy,
bridal 0 0 1 Joy,
jest 0 0 1 Joy,
estate 1 0 0 Joy,
flunk 1 0 0 Joy,
hemoglobin 1 0 0 Joy,
wank 1 0 0 Joy,
climax 0 0 1 Joy,
dolphin 0 0 1 Joy,
assent 1 0 0 Joy,
gusto 0 1 0 Joy,
involve 1 0 0 Joy,
currency 1 0 0 Joy,
caution 1 0 0 Joy,
british 1 0 0 Joy,
want 1 0 0 Joy,
absolute 1 0 0 Joy,
ceremony 1 0 1 Joy,
lakewood 1 0 0 Joy,
turn 1 0 0 Joy,
provide 1 0 0 Joy,
reconciliation 0 0 1 Joy,
travel 1 0 0 Joy,
ataraxis 1 0 0 Joy,
balm 0 0 1 Joy,
hitman 1 0 0 Joy,
sate 1 0 0 Joy,
hop 1 0 0 Joy,
rewind 1 0 0 Joy,
answer 1 0 0 Joy,
gate 1 0 0 Joy,
truthful 1 0 0 Joy,
footwear 1 0 0 Joy,
solicitor 1 0 0 Joy,
description 1 0 0 Joy,
beauty 1 0 1 Joy,
albany 1 0 0 Joy,
after 1 0 0 Joy,
lab 1 0 0 Joy,
diagram 1 0 0 Joy,
vocalization 1 0 0 Joy,
lay 1 0 0 Joy,
curiosity 1 0 0 Joy,
rendezvous 1 0 0 Joy,
salsa 1 0 0 Joy,
pridefulness 1 0 0 Joy,
law 1 0 0 Joy,
arch 1 0 0 Joy,
extortion 1 0 0 Joy,
headdress 1 0 0 Joy,
stronghold 1 0 0 Joy,
purchase 1 0 0 Joy,
danny 1 0 0 Joy,
elusive 1 0 0 Joy,
splendid 0 0 1 Joy,
appreciate 1 0 0 Joy,
headquarters 1 0 0 Joy,
greet 1 0 0 Joy,
childhood 1 0 1 Joy,
tulip 1 0 0 Joy,
maintain 1 0 0 Joy,
green 1 0 1 Joy,
ultimate 1 0 0 Joy,
enter 1 1 0 Joy,
tantalizing 0 0 1 Joy,
democratic 1 0 0 Joy,
order 1 0 0 Joy,
wind 1 0 0 Joy,
nightclub 1 0 0 Joy,
salon 1 0 0 Joy,
feedback 1 0 0 Joy,
welcomed 0 0 1 Joy,
muffin 1 0 0 Joy,
over 1 0 0 Joy,
satisfied 0 1 1 Joy,
prom 1 0 0 Joy,
foodstuff 1 0 0 Joy,
oven 1 0 0 Joy,
fidelity 0 0 1 Joy,
animated 0 0 1 Joy,
mayor 1 0 0 Joy,
before 1 0 0 Joy,
frisky 0 0 1 Joy,
personal 1 0 0 Joy,
recreational 0 0 1 Joy,
comprehend 1 0 0 Joy,
better 1 0 0 Joy,
production 1 0 0 Joy,
fig 1 0 0 Joy,
valor 1 0 0 Joy,
croquet 1 0 0 Joy,
carton 1 0 0 Joy,
admirable 0 0 1 Joy,
overcome 1 0 0 Joy,
pleasurable 1 0 1 Joy,
kindergarden 1 0 0 Joy,
then 1 0 0 Joy,
glorify 0 0 1 Joy,
remission 1 0 0 Joy,
elated 0 1 1 Joy,
fragment 1 0 0 Joy,
symbolic 1 0 0 Joy,
safe 1 0 1 Joy,
supporter 0 0 1 Joy,
commemorate 0 0 1 Joy,
bang 0 1 0 Joy,
sentimental 1 0 0 Joy,
therapy 1 0 0 Joy,
coffer 1 0 0 Joy,
velcro 1 0 0 Joy,
man-made 1 0 0 Joy,
yourself 1 0 0 Joy,
tourism 1 0 0 Joy,
bank 1 0 0 Joy,
prize 1 0 0 Joy,
rhetoric 1 0 0 Joy,
grammar 1 0 0 Joy,
progression 0 0 1 Joy,
acme 1 0 0 Joy,
brightness 1 0 0 Joy,
seamstress 1 0 0 Joy,
crunchy 1 0 0 Joy,
choir 0 0 1 Joy,
shoelace 1 0 0 Joy,
bono 1 0 0 Joy,
victory 1 1 1 Joy,
arrow 1 0 0 Joy,
pinch 1 0 0 Joy,
side 1 0 0 Joy,
bone 1 0 0 Joy,
luck 1 0 1 Joy,
hank 1 0 0 Joy,
calmly 1 0 0 Joy,
whim 0 0 1 Joy,
chior 1 0 0 Joy,
constipation 1 0 0 Joy,
independent 1 0 0 Joy,
list 1 0 0 Joy,
mahogany 1 0 0 Joy,
innocent 1 0 0 Joy,
unscrew 1 0 0 Joy,
gymnasium 0 1 0 Joy,
aide 1 0 0 Joy,
tip 1 0 0 Joy,
milan 1 0 0 Joy,
laboratory 1 0 0 Joy,
allay 1 0 0 Joy,
optimistically 1 0 0 Joy,
collector 1 0 0 Joy,
message 1 0 0 Joy,
clothe 1 0 0 Joy,
goo 1 0 0 Joy,
bookshop 1 0 0 Joy,
network 1 0 0 Joy,
god 1 0 1 Joy,
psychic 1 0 0 Joy,
alex 1 0 0 Joy,
content 0 1 1 Joy,
method 1 0 0 Joy,
encourage 1 0 1 Joy,
adapt 1 0 0 Joy,
easiness 1 0 0 Joy,
heavenly 1 0 1 Joy,
surprise 0 0 1 Joy,
forth 1 0 0 Joy,
independence 1 0 1 Joy,
foundation 1 0 0 Joy,
perception 1 0 0 Joy,
barrier 1 0 0 Joy,
resume 1 0 0 Joy,
leftovers 1 0 0 Joy,
eternal 1 0 0 Joy,
free 1 0 0 Joy,
smugness 0 1 0 Joy,
aboriginal 1 0 0 Joy,
masterpiece 0 0 1 Joy,
estimate 1 0 0 Joy,
lollipop 1 0 0 Joy,
jubilant 0 0 1 Joy,
baggage 1 0 0 Joy,
enormous 1 0 0 Joy,
laborer 1 0 0 Joy,
convent 1 0 0 Joy,
chesspiece 1 0 0 Joy,
inexpensive 1 0 0 Joy,
raisin 1 0 0 Joy,
louse 1 0 0 Joy,
heck 1 0 0 Joy,
speedy 1 0 0 Joy,
domesticate 1 0 0 Joy,
kingdom 1 0 0 Joy,
onto 1 0 0 Joy,
thumbtack 1 0 0 Joy,
enjoy 0 1 1 Joy,
organize 1 0 0 Joy,
angelic 0 0 1 Joy,
kim 1 0 0 Joy,
researcher 1 0 0 Joy,
puck 1 0 0 Joy,
reassure 1 0 0 Joy,
encouraging 1 0 0 Joy,
rank 1 0 0 Joy,
procreate 1 0 0 Joy,
fantasy 1 0 0 Joy,
another 1 0 0 Joy,
sober 1 0 0 Joy,
thick 1 0 0 Joy,
clarity 1 0 0 Joy,
magnificent 0 0 1 Joy,
toy 1 0 0 Joy,
betrothed 0 0 1 Joy,
attach 1 0 0 Joy,
guinness 1 0 0 Joy,
top 1 0 0 Joy,
seduction 1 0 0 Joy,
licorice 1 0 0 Joy,
tow 1 0 0 Joy,
vibrate 1 0 0 Joy,
fiction 1 0 0 Joy,
master 1 0 0 Joy,
too 1 0 0 Joy,
hypothetical 1 0 0 Joy,
tom 1 0 0 Joy,
fortuitous 0 1 0 Joy,
hollywood 1 0 0 Joy,
john 1 0 0 Joy,
genesis 1 0 0 Joy,
tourniquet 1 0 0 Joy,
urban 1 0 0 Joy,
hangout 1 0 0 Joy,
intestine 1 0 0 Joy,
asset 1 0 0 Joy,
cologne 1 0 0 Joy,
happily 0 0 1 Joy,
gym 1 0 0 Joy,
convention 1 0 0 Joy,
serve 1 0 0 Joy,
titillate 0 1 0 Joy,
wisdom 1 0 0 Joy,
exhilarating 0 1 0 Joy,
western 1 0 0 Joy,
mercy 1 0 0 Joy,
mercifully 1 0 0 Joy,
holdall 1 0 0 Joy,
target 1 0 0 Joy,
unbelief 1 0 0 Joy,
tavern 1 0 0 Joy,
nominate 1 0 0 Joy,
tree 0 0 1 Joy,
rate 1 0 0 Joy,
iota 1 0 0 Joy,
preparation 1 0 0 Joy,
matter 1 0 0 Joy,
persuade 1 0 0 Joy,
flame 1 0 0 Joy,
giver 1 0 0 Joy,
mirth 0 0 1 Joy,
feeling 1 0 1 Joy,
brilliant 1 0 1 Joy,
fondness 0 0 1 Joy,
bridge 1 0 0 Joy,
fashion 1 0 0 Joy,
assertiveness 1 0 0 Joy,
palace 1 0 0 Joy,
rattle 1 0 0 Joy,
exhilarate 0 1 0 Joy,
mind 1 0 0 Joy,
mine 1 0 0 Joy,
craven 1 0 0 Joy,
raw 1 0 0 Joy,
seed 1 0 0 Joy,
manner 1 0 0 Joy,
rap 1 0 0 Joy,
arousal 1 0 0 Joy,
seem 1 0 0 Joy,
grind 1 0 0 Joy,
mint 1 0 0 Joy,
botswana 1 0 0 Joy,
dozen 1 0 0 Joy,
strength 1 0 0 Joy,
genuine 1 0 0 Joy,
alibi 1 0 0 Joy,
convenient 1 0 0 Joy,
latter 1 0 0 Joy,
reverie 0 0 1 Joy,
large-hearted 1 0 0 Joy,
savings 1 0 0 Joy,
elegance 0 0 1 Joy,
casual 1 0 0 Joy,
zest 0 0 1 Joy,
pittsburgh 1 0 0 Joy,
fitting 0 0 1 Joy,
contact 1 0 0 Joy,
chuckle 1 0 1 Joy,
curfew 1 0 0 Joy,
panties 1 0 0 Joy,
quieten 1 0 0 Joy,
evangelist 1 0 0 Joy,
spreadable 1 0 0 Joy,
established 0 0 1 Joy,
object 1 0 0 Joy,
venial 1 0 0 Joy,
affirmation 1 0 0 Joy,
reverence 1 0 1 Joy,
entry 1 0 0 Joy,
phase 1 0 0 Joy,
bse 1 0 0 Joy,
condominium 1 0 0 Joy,
morality 1 0 0 Joy,
meme 1 0 0 Joy,
singer 1 0 0 Joy,
lifesaver 1 0 0 Joy,
toolsh 1 0 0 Joy,
dwarf 1 0 0 Joy,
fitter 1 0 0 Joy,
professor 1 0 0 Joy,
camp 1 0 0 Joy,
roast 1 0 0 Joy,
treaty 1 0 0 Joy,
freeway 1 0 0 Joy,
orderly 1 0 0 Joy,
reputation 1 0 0 Joy,
calmness 1 0 0 Joy,
principle 1 0 0 Joy,
gratefulness 1 0 0 Joy,
entertaining 0 0 1 Joy,
consumer 1 0 0 Joy,
sum 1 0 0 Joy,
dot 1 0 0 Joy,
reserve 1 0 0 Joy,
sanctuary 1 0 1 Joy,
bomb 1 0 0 Joy,
inspire 0 0 1 Joy,
pope 1 0 0 Joy,
saga 1 0 0 Joy,
learner 1 0 0 Joy,
queen 1 0 0 Joy,
anniversary 1 0 0 Joy,
radio 1 0 0 Joy,
participate 1 0 0 Joy,
solaris 1 0 0 Joy,
peddle 1 0 0 Joy,
euphoriant 0 1 0 Joy,
bail 1 0 0 Joy,
availability 1 0 0 Joy,
marvelously 0 0 1 Joy,
capitol 1 0 0 Joy,
toast 1 0 1 Joy,
adoration 0 0 1 Joy,
busy 1 0 0 Joy,
dawn 0 0 1 Joy,
quaint 0 0 1 Joy,
menu 1 0 0 Joy,
explain 1 0 0 Joy,
stanza 1 0 0 Joy,
institution 1 0 0 Joy,
kathy 1 0 0 Joy,
cougar 1 0 0 Joy,
theme 1 0 0 Joy,
bliss 1 0 1 Joy,
rich 1 0 0 Joy,
praised 0 0 1 Joy,
mend 1 0 0 Joy,
scripture 1 0 0 Joy,
axiom 1 0 0 Joy,
rectangle 1 0 0 Joy,
palliative 1 0 0 Joy,
edict 1 0 0 Joy,
andraw 1 0 0 Joy,
mixture 1 0 0 Joy,
above 1 0 0 Joy,
colorful 1 0 0 Joy,
rejoicing 0 1 1 Joy,
asbestos 1 0 0 Joy,
ardor 0 1 0 Joy,
plato 1 0 0 Joy,
watch 1 0 0 Joy,
fluid 1 0 0 Joy,
leisure 1 0 1 Joy,
appetizer 1 0 0 Joy,
geek 1 0 0 Joy,
polute 1 0 0 Joy,
ususally 1 0 0 Joy,
meditate 1 0 1 Joy,
wedding 1 0 0 Joy,
smug 0 1 0 Joy,
tribute 1 0 0 Joy,
earl 1 0 0 Joy,
earn 1 0 0 Joy,
bar 1 0 0 Joy,
pretzel 1 0 0 Joy,
pacifism 1 0 0 Joy,
disco 1 0 0 Joy,
posh 1 0 0 Joy,
twice 1 0 0 Joy,
softly 1 0 0 Joy,
luxurious 0 0 1 Joy,
architecture 1 0 0 Joy,
release 1 0 0 Joy,
womb 1 0 0 Joy,
automatic 1 0 0 Joy,
santum 1 0 0 Joy,
respond 1 0 0 Joy,
fragrant 1 0 0 Joy,
mandatory 1 0 0 Joy,
victim 1 0 0 Joy,
fair 1 0 0 Joy,
ardent 0 0 1 Joy,
liquor 0 0 1 Joy,
kind-heartedness 1 0 0 Joy,
gladness 0 1 1 Joy,
nun 1 0 0 Joy,
allure 0 0 1 Joy,
result 1 0 0 Joy,
synchronize 0 0 1 Joy,
christian 1 0 0 Joy,
fain 0 0 1 Joy,
best 1 0 0 Joy,
hourglass 1 0 0 Joy,
serf 1 0 0 Joy,
capacity 1 0 0 Joy,
playfulness 1 0 0 Joy,
temptation 1 0 0 Joy,
homeowner 1 0 0 Joy,
propulsion 1 0 0 Joy,
gentleman 1 0 0 Joy,
sherrie 1 0 0 Joy,
firework 1 0 0 Joy,
humankind 1 0 0 Joy,
meditative 1 0 0 Joy,
hopefully 1 0 0 Joy,
mum 1 0 0 Joy,
drawn 1 0 0 Joy,
enlighten 0 0 1 Joy,
approach 1 0 0 Joy,
handwritten 1 0 0 Joy,
preserve 1 0 0 Joy,
wage 1 0 0 Joy,
accord 1 0 0 Joy,
amplitude 1 0 0 Joy,
extend 1 0 0 Joy,
transformer 1 0 0 Joy,
boss 1 0 0 Joy,
toothbrush 1 0 0 Joy,
retirement 0 0 1 Joy,
devout 1 0 1 Joy,
extent 1 0 0 Joy,
dedication 1 0 0 Joy,
intellegence 1 0 0 Joy,
roller 1 0 0 Joy,
improve 1 0 1 Joy,
protect 1 0 0 Joy,
unregretful 0 1 0 Joy,
janitor 1 0 0 Joy,
matrimony 1 0 1 Joy,
against 1 0 0 Joy,
facet 1 0 0 Joy,
chassis 1 0 0 Joy,
steer 1 0 0 Joy,
logic 1 0 0 Joy,
distinction 1 0 0 Joy,
contribution 1 0 0 Joy,
jello 1 0 0 Joy,
fearlessly 1 0 0 Joy,
and 1 0 0 Joy,
eyesight 1 0 0 Joy,
tone 1 0 0 Joy,
imaginative 1 0 0 Joy,
josh 1 0 0 Joy,
vain 1 0 0 Joy,
gathering 1 0 0 Joy,
height 1 0 0 Joy,
comprehension 1 0 0 Joy,
majestic 1 0 1 Joy,
blonde 1 0 0 Joy,
trust 1 0 0 Joy,
memorise 1 0 0 Joy,
hitler 1 0 0 Joy,
gratitude 1 0 1 Joy,
self-confidence 1 0 0 Joy,
businesse 1 0 0 Joy,
recur 1 0 0 Joy,
eager 0 1 1 Joy,
union 1 0 0 Joy,
three 1 0 0 Joy,
quickly 1 0 0 Joy,
confident 1 0 1 Joy,
beer 1 0 1 Joy,
much 1 0 0 Joy,
replicate 1 0 0 Joy,
basic 1 0 0 Joy,
flexible 1 0 0 Joy,
lovely 1 0 1 Joy,
idol 1 0 0 Joy,
exhibition 1 0 0 Joy,
life 1 0 0 Joy,
easy 1 0 0 Joy,
prosperous 0 0 1 Joy,
mantra 1 0 0 Joy,
rejuvination 1 0 0 Joy,
sunshine 0 0 1 Joy,
excite 1 0 1 Joy,
uncommon 1 0 0 Joy,
dave 1 0 0 Joy,
lift 1 0 0 Joy,
hoist 1 0 0 Joy,
chile 1 0 0 Joy,
child 1 0 1 Joy,
aviation 1 0 0 Joy,
comfortable 0 1 0 Joy,
spin 1 0 0 Joy,
teapot 1 0 0 Joy,
commerce 1 0 0 Joy,
exception 1 0 0 Joy,
east 1 0 0 Joy,
tank 1 0 0 Joy,
reciprocal 1 0 0 Joy,
tang 1 0 0 Joy,
employ 1 0 0 Joy,
ail 1 0 0 Joy,
neat 1 0 0 Joy,
arachnid 1 0 0 Joy,
vernal 0 0 1 Joy,
balance 1 0 0 Joy,
elaborate 1 0 0 Joy,
procedure 1 0 0 Joy,
receptionist 1 0 0 Joy,
upgrade 1 0 0 Joy,
cylinder 1 0 0 Joy,
pyramid 1 0 0 Joy,
congratulation 1 0 0 Joy,
provocative 1 0 0 Joy,
crowning 0 0 1 Joy,
diaphragm 1 0 0 Joy,
sticker 1 0 0 Joy,
ballon 1 0 0 Joy,
anatoly 1 0 0 Joy,
tissue 1 0 0 Joy,
cone 1 0 0 Joy,
exterior 1 0 0 Joy,
track 1 0 0 Joy,
comparative 1 0 0 Joy,
amour 1 0 1 Joy,
uplift 0 0 1 Joy,
grown 1 0 0 Joy,
reprimand 1 0 0 Joy,
decree 1 0 0 Joy,
soldier 1 0 0 Joy,
patent 1 0 0 Joy,
suggest 1 0 0 Joy,
make 1 0 0 Joy,
punctuation 1 0 0 Joy,
amount 1 0 0 Joy,
beside 1 0 0 Joy,
rastafarian 1 0 0 Joy,
agreeableness 0 1 0 Joy,
harmony 1 0 1 Joy,
evaluate 1 0 0 Joy,
monarch 1 0 0 Joy,
chirp 0 0 1 Joy,
several 1 0 0 Joy,
bid 1 0 0 Joy,
wheel 1 0 0 Joy,
evolve 1 0 0 Joy,
catholic 1 0 0 Joy,
sacramento 1 0 0 Joy,
swell 1 0 0 Joy,
social 1 0 0 Joy,
rail 1 0 0 Joy,
perhaps 1 0 0 Joy,
delight 0 0 1 Joy,
waterfall 1 0 0 Joy,
portal 1 0 0 Joy,
kin 1 0 0 Joy,
ownership 1 0 0 Joy,
nip 1 0 0 Joy,
bequest 1 0 0 Joy,
cystoscope 1 0 0 Joy,
cycle 1 0 0 Joy,
hearth 1 0 0 Joy,
practiced 0 0 1 Joy,
romp 0 0 1 Joy,
presto 0 0 1 Joy,
prioritize 1 0 0 Joy,
forceful 1 0 0 Joy,
babysit 1 0 0 Joy,
itself 1 0 0 Joy,
blowjob 1 0 0 Joy,
inherit 1 0 0 Joy,
midway 1 0 0 Joy,
stillness 1 0 0 Joy,
rome 1 0 0 Joy,
pagan 1 0 0 Joy,
mother 0 0 1 Joy,
salutary 0 0 1 Joy,
the 1 0 0 Joy,
corporate 1 0 0 Joy,
musical 1 0 1 Joy,
etiquette 1 0 0 Joy,
impression 1 0 0 Joy,
birth 1 0 1 Joy,
just 1 0 0 Joy,
bargain 1 0 0 Joy,
athletic 1 0 0 Joy,
photo 1 0 0 Joy,
newton 1 0 0 Joy,
torah 1 0 0 Joy,
exuberate 1 1 0 Joy,
fullness 1 0 0 Joy,
cape 1 0 0 Joy,
yes 1 0 0 Joy,
succeeding 0 0 1 Joy,
previous 1 0 0 Joy,
handshake 1 0 0 Joy,
liberation 0 0 1 Joy,
candidate 1 0 0 Joy,
vibration 1 0 0 Joy,
photographer 1 0 0 Joy,
ease 1 0 0 Joy,
royal 1 0 0 Joy,
mask 1 0 0 Joy,
pharmacy 1 0 0 Joy,
exalt 0 0 1 Joy,
yoyo 1 0 0 Joy,
board 1 0 0 Joy,
beloved 1 0 0 Joy,
fbus 1 0 0 Joy,
contestant 1 0 0 Joy,
consideration 1 0 0 Joy,
save 1 0 1 Joy,
plasma 1 0 0 Joy,
humanity 0 0 1 Joy,
harmoniously 0 0 1 Joy,
turquoise 1 0 0 Joy,
bayonet 1 0 0 Joy,
elevation 1 0 1 Joy,
involuntary 1 0 0 Joy,
survival 1 0 0 Joy,
online 1 0 0 Joy,
right-wing 1 0 0 Joy,
obedient 1 0 0 Joy,
munchkin 1 0 0 Joy,
auspicious 0 0 1 Joy,
cultural 1 0 0 Joy,
dreamy 1 0 0 Joy,
farecard 1 0 0 Joy,
background 1 0 0 Joy,
judge 1 0 0 Joy,
sanitary 1 0 0 Joy,
roach 1 0 0 Joy,
unique 1 0 0 Joy,
vanity 1 0 0 Joy,
desire 1 0 0 Joy,
dignity 1 0 0 Joy,
euphoric 0 1 0 Joy,
gift 1 0 1 Joy,
zeal 0 0 1 Joy,
semester 1 0 0 Joy,
reverentially 1 0 0 Joy,
allotment 1 0 0 Joy,
officer 1 0 0 Joy,
security 1 0 0 Joy,
elating 0 1 0 Joy,
antique 1 0 0 Joy,
superlative 1 0 0 Joy,
attorney 1 0 0 Joy,
right 1 0 0 Joy,
conciliation 0 0 1 Joy,
deal 1 0 1 Joy,
people 1 0 0 Joy,
flatter 1 0 0 Joy,
elderly 1 0 0 Joy,
fulcrum 1 0 0 Joy,
born 1 0 0 Joy,
intern 1 0 0 Joy,
scrabble 1 0 0 Joy,
election 1 0 0 Joy,
invoice 1 0 0 Joy,
neuter 1 0 0 Joy,
dear 1 0 0 Joy,
multiple 1 0 0 Joy,
animate 1 0 0 Joy,
hypnotic 1 0 0 Joy,
nobleman 1 0 0 Joy,
matriculate 1 0 0 Joy,
joylessness 0 1 0 Joy,
humor 1 0 0 Joy,
for 1 0 0 Joy,
remind 1 0 0 Joy,
notification 1 0 0 Joy,
centre 1 0 0 Joy,
jolt 1 0 0 Joy,
creative 1 0 0 Joy,
witty 0 0 1 Joy,
everything 1 0 0 Joy,
ditty 0 0 1 Joy,
skylight 1 0 0 Joy,
self-consciousness 1 0 0 Joy,
unstable 1 0 0 Joy,
adorable 0 0 1 Joy,
christmas 1 0 0 Joy,
splendor 0 0 1 Joy,
particular 1 0 0 Joy,
bold 1 0 0 Joy,
champion 1 0 1 Joy,
pose 1 0 0 Joy,
untie 0 0 1 Joy,
boll 1 0 0 Joy,
illustration 1 0 0 Joy,
cork 1 0 0 Joy,
floppy 1 0 0 Joy,
dauntlessly 1 0 0 Joy,
defensive 1 0 0 Joy,
softness 1 0 0 Joy,
anagram 1 0 0 Joy,
memorable 0 0 1 Joy,
post 1 0 0 Joy,
resplendent 0 0 1 Joy,
super 1 0 0 Joy,
trophy 1 0 1 Joy,
census 1 0 0 Joy,
lackey 1 0 0 Joy,
conceal 1 0 0 Joy,
plum 1 0 0 Joy,
surround 1 0 0 Joy,
trustworthy 1 0 0 Joy,
cliche 1 0 0 Joy,
plus 1 0 0 Joy,
anime 1 0 0 Joy,
horizon 1 0 0 Joy,
cherish 1 0 1 Joy,
commit 1 0 0 Joy,
croak 1 0 0 Joy,
duke 1 0 0 Joy,
gauze 1 0 0 Joy,
presence 1 0 0 Joy,
logo 1 0 0 Joy,
honeymoon 1 0 1 Joy,
profession 1 0 0 Joy,
www 1 0 0 Joy,
poodle 1 0 0 Joy,
unification 0 0 1 Joy,
thankful 1 0 1 Joy,
taffy 1 0 0 Joy,
sow 1 0 0 Joy,
wrap 1 0 0 Joy,
chime 1 0 0 Joy,
parade 0 0 1 Joy,
rely 1 0 0 Joy,
vaccination 1 0 0 Joy,
panorama 1 0 0 Joy,
altitude 1 0 0 Joy,
frill 1 0 0 Joy,
vision 1 0 0 Joy,
center 1 0 0 Joy,
opus 1 0 0 Joy,
conservation 1 0 0 Joy,
way 1 0 0 Joy,
greatness 1 0 1 Joy,
letter 1 0 0 Joy,
music 0 0 1 Joy,
winnings 0 0 1 Joy,
calm 1 0 0 Joy,
medium 1 0 0 Joy,
gaseous 1 0 0 Joy,
form 1 0 0 Joy,
diligence 1 0 0 Joy,
something 1 0 0 Joy,
groove 1 0 0 Joy,
heal 1 0 1 Joy,
recommend 1 0 0 Joy,
forever 1 0 0 Joy,
vitality 1 0 1 Joy,
ford 1 0 0 Joy,
taken 1 0 0 Joy,
magnitude 1 0 0 Joy,
hear 1 0 0 Joy,
catalyst 1 0 0 Joy,
heap 1 0 0 Joy,
amusing 0 0 1 Joy,
restive 1 0 0 Joy,
true 0 0 1 Joy,
knack 1 0 0 Joy,
fort 1 0 0 Joy,
protestant 1 0 0 Joy,
flavour 1 0 0 Joy,
wrestler 1 0 0 Joy,
rejuvenation 1 0 0 Joy,
getaway 1 0 0 Joy,
stethoscope 1 0 0 Joy,
affluence 0 0 1 Joy,
inside 1 0 0 Joy,
clause 1 0 0 Joy,
maximum 1 0 0 Joy,
happyness 1 0 0 Joy,
peso 1 0 0 Joy,
whiskey 1 0 0 Joy,
perchance 1 0 0 Joy,
adore 1 0 1 Joy,
decorate 1 0 0 Joy,
sapphire 1 0 0 Joy,
nearby 1 0 0 Joy,
whisker 1 0 0 Joy,
daddy 1 0 0 Joy,
enthusiastic 0 1 0 Joy,
embroidery 1 0 0 Joy,
trim 1 0 0 Joy,
diane 1 0 0 Joy,
minibar 1 0 0 Joy,
abstract 1 0 0 Joy,
muscular 1 0 0 Joy,
evidence 1 0 0 Joy,
manure 1 0 0 Joy,
definite 1 0 0 Joy,
exist 1 0 0 Joy,
prayer 1 0 0 Joy,
anthrax 1 0 0 Joy,
ship 1 0 0 Joy,
check 1 0 0 Joy,
fraternal 0 0 1 Joy,
physical 1 0 0 Joy,
vista 1 0 0 Joy,
faithful 1 0 0 Joy,
floor 1 0 0 Joy,
tit 1 0 0 Joy,
fanfare 0 0 1 Joy,
stake 1 0 0 Joy,
excel 1 0 1 Joy,
actor 1 0 0 Joy,
tim 1 0 0 Joy,
modesty 1 0 0 Joy,
luscious 0 0 1 Joy,
vicodin 1 0 0 Joy,
warehouse 1 0 0 Joy,
frolic 0 0 1 Joy,
roll 1 0 0 Joy,
heyday 0 0 1 Joy,
orate 1 0 0 Joy,
hero-worship 1 0 0 Joy,
reconsider 1 0 0 Joy,
neckwear 1 0 0 Joy,
merriment 0 0 1 Joy,
ointment 1 0 0 Joy,
welcome 1 0 0 Joy,
notepad 1 0 0 Joy,
polite 1 0 0 Joy,
sensuous 0 0 1 Joy,
journey 0 0 1 Joy,
yellowstone 1 0 0 Joy,
award 1 0 1 Joy,
peelable 1 0 0 Joy,
variable 1 0 0 Joy,
dense 1 0 0 Joy,
omega 1 0 0 Joy,
jitterbug 1 0 0 Joy,
chairperson 1 0 0 Joy,
phone 1 0 0 Joy,
satiable 0 1 0 Joy,
interval 1 0 0 Joy,
yacht 1 0 0 Joy,
flag 1 0 0 Joy,
daily 1 0 0 Joy,
jacket 1 0 0 Joy,
fastener 1 0 0 Joy,
reception 1 0 0 Joy,
moreover 1 0 0 Joy,
serious 1 0 0 Joy,
shop 1 0 0 Joy,
concept 1 0 0 Joy,
remarkable 0 0 1 Joy,
diplomacy 1 0 0 Joy,
dance 1 0 1 Joy,
patina 1 0 0 Joy,
relieve 1 0 0 Joy,
focus 1 0 0 Joy,
horseback 1 0 0 Joy,
adjective 1 0 0 Joy,
grateful 1 0 0 Joy,
skin 1 0 0 Joy,
abundant 0 0 1 Joy,
skid 1 0 0 Joy,
empathize 1 0 0 Joy,
retention 1 0 0 Joy,
ballet 1 0 0 Joy,
ware 1 0 0 Joy,
yummy 1 0 0 Joy,
clarification 1 0 0 Joy,
zone 1 0 0 Joy,
graph 1 0 0 Joy,
promote 1 1 0 Joy,
certification 1 0 0 Joy,
kind-hearted 1 0 0 Joy,
passage 1 0 0 Joy,
environment 1 0 0 Joy,
matchbox 1 0 0 Joy,
compensate 0 0 1 Joy,
unruffled 1 0 0 Joy,
rhythm 1 0 0 Joy,
jewelery 1 0 0 Joy,
pay 0 0 1 Joy,
recipient 1 0 0 Joy,
string 1 0 0 Joy,
jerk 1 0 0 Joy,
yeast 1 0 0 Joy,
exalted 0 0 1 Joy,
brownie 1 0 0 Joy,
choice 1 0 0 Joy,
cnn 1 0 0 Joy,
congregation 1 0 0 Joy,
merlin 1 0 0 Joy,
mourn 1 0 0 Joy,
hairpin 1 0 0 Joy,
sunbathe 1 0 0 Joy,
artwork 1 0 0 Joy,
word 1 0 0 Joy,
blast 1 0 0 Joy,
exact 1 0 0 Joy,
recuperate 1 0 0 Joy,
cool 1 0 0 Joy,
orifice 1 0 0 Joy,
dim 1 0 0 Joy,
level 1 0 0 Joy,
supremacy 0 0 1 Joy,
dig 1 0 0 Joy,
dwain 1 0 0 Joy,
fingerpaint 1 0 0 Joy,
magnet 1 0 0 Joy,
item 1 0 0 Joy,
settle 1 0 0 Joy,
excellence 1 0 1 Joy,
steeple 1 0 0 Joy,
quick 1 0 0 Joy,
sidewalk 1 0 0 Joy,
dip 1 0 0 Joy,
round 1 0 0 Joy,
shave 1 0 0 Joy,
upper 1 0 0 Joy,
spiritual 1 0 0 Joy,
revolution 1 0 0 Joy,
legalized 0 0 1 Joy,
occurrence 1 0 0 Joy,
collage 1 0 0 Joy,
charleston 1 0 0 Joy,
discover 1 0 0 Joy,
whimsical 0 0 1 Joy,
sign 1 0 0 Joy,
thinker 1 0 0 Joy,
cost 1 0 0 Joy,
crescent 1 0 0 Joy,
comforting 0 1 0 Joy,
utter 1 0 0 Joy,
substitute 1 0 0 Joy,
hymn 1 0 1 Joy,
educate 1 0 0 Joy,
choral 1 0 1 Joy,
postman 1 0 0 Joy,
silly 0 0 1 Joy,
cleanliness 1 0 0 Joy,
heaviness 1 0 0 Joy,
assistance 1 0 0 Joy,
celebrated 0 0 1 Joy,
spire 1 0 0 Joy,
melt 1 0 0 Joy,
uniform 1 0 0 Joy,
atone 0 0 1 Joy,
health 1 0 0 Joy,
exertion 1 0 0 Joy,
somalia 1 0 0 Joy,
reply 1 0 0 Joy,
appeal 1 0 0 Joy,
satisfy 0 1 0 Joy,
transportation 1 0 0 Joy,
transparency 1 0 0 Joy,
tibet 1 0 0 Joy,
honour 1 0 0 Joy,
inauguration 0 0 1 Joy,
zoology 1 0 0 Joy,
rug 1 0 0 Joy,
contemplate 1 0 0 Joy,
magnetism 1 0 0 Joy,
entertain 1 0 1 Joy,
tangent 1 0 0 Joy,
address 1 0 0 Joy,
alone 1 0 0 Joy,
along 1 0 0 Joy,
rubbery 1 0 0 Joy,
teacher 1 0 0 Joy,
change 1 0 0 Joy,
box 1 0 0 Joy,
decibel 1 0 0 Joy,
enroll 1 0 0 Joy,
boast 1 0 0 Joy,
discount 1 0 0 Joy,
healthy 1 0 0 Joy,
commonly 1 0 0 Joy,
bow 1 0 0 Joy,
queue 1 0 0 Joy,
trial 1 0 0 Joy,
accomplished 0 0 1 Joy,
locomotion 1 0 0 Joy,
bob 1 0 0 Joy,
navigation 1 0 0 Joy,
massage 1 0 1 Joy,
pause 1 0 0 Joy,
useful 1 0 0 Joy,
humour 1 0 0 Joy,
extra 1 0 0 Joy,
prefer 1 0 0 Joy,
paragon 0 0 1 Joy,
logical 1 0 0 Joy,
cloak 1 0 0 Joy,
spanish 1 0 0 Joy,
peer 1 0 0 Joy,
flexibility 1 0 0 Joy,
radiance 0 0 1 Joy,
seashore 1 0 0 Joy,
texture 1 0 0 Joy,
illumination 1 0 1 Joy,
rarely 1 0 0 Joy,
market 1 0 0 Joy,
sympathetic 0 0 1 Joy,
wealth 1 0 1 Joy,
prove 1 0 0 Joy,
aye 1 0 0 Joy,
positive 1 0 0 Joy,
captivate 0 0 1 Joy,
joyous 0 1 1 Joy,
dude 1 0 0 Joy,
intense 0 0 1 Joy,
connector 1 0 0 Joy,
creamy 1 0 0 Joy,
live 1 0 0 Joy,
wonderfully 0 0 1 Joy,
somersault 1 0 0 Joy,
memory 1 0 0 Joy,
sharpen 1 0 0 Joy,
togetherness 0 1 0 Joy,
theoretical 1 0 0 Joy,
today 1 0 0 Joy,
loving 0 0 1 Joy,
rainfall 1 0 0 Joy,
drinkable 1 0 0 Joy,
teased 0 1 0 Joy,
sprite 1 0 0 Joy,
club 1 0 0 Joy,
altar 1 0 0 Joy,
clue 1 0 0 Joy,
fuel 1 0 0 Joy,
visual 1 0 0 Joy,
playroom 1 0 0 Joy,
everywhere 1 0 0 Joy,
virtue 1 0 0 Joy,
imperturbability 1 0 0 Joy,
effort 1 0 0 Joy,
inhabit 1 0 0 Joy,
basketball 0 0 1 Joy,
subjective 1 0 0 Joy,
slogan 1 0 0 Joy,
ibm 1 0 0 Joy,
moccasin 1 0 0 Joy,
boisterous 0 0 1 Joy,
soul 1 0 0 Joy,
wallet 1 0 0 Joy,
advancement 1 0 0 Joy,
hope 1 0 1 Joy,
connoisseur 1 0 1 Joy,
viewfinder 1 0 0 Joy,
fauna 1 0 0 Joy,
modifier 1 0 0 Joy,
laughter 1 0 1 Joy,
completing 0 0 1 Joy,
novocaine 1 0 0 Joy,
alias 1 0 0 Joy,
claim 1 0 0 Joy,
dropper 1 0 0 Joy,
iodine 1 0 0 Joy,
grassy 1 0 0 Joy,
figure 1 0 0 Joy,
jackpot 0 0 1 Joy,
predict 1 0 0 Joy,
december 1 0 0 Joy,
awesome 1 0 0 Joy,
arise 1 0 0 Joy,
romanticism 0 0 1 Joy,
expectant 1 0 0 Joy,
bridesmaid 1 0 1 Joy,
purity 1 0 0 Joy,
enchanting 0 0 1 Joy,
pond 0 1 0 Joy,
spa 1 0 1 Joy,
cultivate 1 0 0 Joy,
streach 1 0 0 Joy,
pink 1 0 0 Joy,
hinge 1 0 0 Joy,
bigot 1 0 0 Joy,
winter 1 0 0 Joy,
inheritance 0 0 1 Joy,
savor 1 0 1 Joy,
sailboat 1 0 0 Joy,
clever 1 0 0 Joy,
shining 0 0 1 Joy,
blithe 0 1 0 Joy,
1 1 0 0 Joy,
till 1 0 0 Joy,
sunday 1 0 0 Joy,
vital 1 0 0 Joy,
criterion 1 0 0 Joy,
fourth 1 0 0 Joy,
beau 1 0 0 Joy,
genocide 1 0 0 Joy,
persuasion 1 0 0 Joy,
testicle 1 0 0 Joy,
economy 1 0 0 Joy,
product 1 0 0 Joy,
designer 1 0 0 Joy,
laundry 1 0 0 Joy,
irrational 1 0 0 Joy,
cocktail 1 0 0 Joy,
huge 1 0 0 Joy,
max 1 0 0 Joy,
sacrifice 1 0 0 Joy,
use 1 0 0 Joy,
songbook 1 0 0 Joy,
praiseworthy 0 0 1 Joy,
bawl 1 0 0 Joy,
accessory 1 0 0 Joy,
membership 1 0 0 Joy,
produce 1 0 0 Joy,
vivacious 0 0 1 Joy,
floral 1 0 0 Joy,
hedonism 0 0 1 Joy,
warm-blooded 1 0 0 Joy,
flourish 1 0 0 Joy,
grow 1 0 1 Joy,
goal 1 0 0 Joy,
pulley 1 0 0 Joy,
classics 0 0 1 Joy,
noun 1 0 0 Joy,
remember 1 0 0 Joy,
liquid 1 0 0 Joy,
conscious 1 0 0 Joy,
amuse 0 0 1 Joy,
purify 0 0 1 Joy,
elongation 1 0 0 Joy,
timeout 1 0 0 Joy,
tale 1 0 0 Joy,
inform 1 0 0 Joy,
switch 1 0 0 Joy,
mango 1 0 0 Joy,
deposit 1 0 0 Joy,
tall 1 0 0 Joy,
truce 1 0 1 Joy,
gesture 1 0 0 Joy,
outlet 1 0 0 Joy,
cute 1 0 0 Joy,
lsd 1 0 0 Joy,
sonnet 1 0 1 Joy,
archeologist 1 0 0 Joy,
nerve 1 0 0 Joy,
entryway 1 0 0 Joy,
colt 1 0 0 Joy,
pillowcase 1 0 0 Joy,
years 1 0 0 Joy,
playful 0 0 1 Joy,
brain 1 0 0 Joy,
elm 1 0 0 Joy,
lyric 1 0 0 Joy,
pitch 1 0 0 Joy,
plausive 1 0 0 Joy,
deity 1 0 0 Joy,
worship 0 0 1 Joy,
thoughtfulness 1 0 0 Joy,
ethic 1 0 0 Joy,
adhesive 1 0 0 Joy,
group 1 0 0 Joy,
thank 1 0 0 Joy,
acknowledge 1 0 0 Joy,
apex 1 0 0 Joy,
comic 1 0 0 Joy,
jim 1 0 0 Joy,
vicinity 1 0 0 Joy,
kayak 1 0 0 Joy,
attraction 1 1 0 Joy,
immortality 1 0 0 Joy,
spacious 1 0 0 Joy,
deafness 1 0 0 Joy,
policy 1 0 0 Joy,
ours 1 0 0 Joy,
main 1 0 0 Joy,
priesthood 0 0 1 Joy,
petition 1 0 0 Joy,
correspondence 1 0 0 Joy,
prime 1 0 0 Joy,
halt 1 0 0 Joy,
reveal 1 0 0 Joy,
nod 1 0 0 Joy,
grandson 1 0 0 Joy,
significance 1 0 0 Joy,
hilarious 0 1 1 Joy,
introduce 1 0 0 Joy,
sol 1 0 0 Joy,
idolise 1 0 0 Joy,
interview 1 0 0 Joy,
conquer 1 0 0 Joy,
spangle 1 0 0 Joy,
wealthy 1 0 0 Joy,
feature 1 0 0 Joy,
courtship 0 0 1 Joy,
twilight 1 0 0 Joy,
teller 1 0 0 Joy,
possess 1 0 1 Joy,
term 1 0 0 Joy,
equality 0 0 1 Joy,
name 1 0 0 Joy,
entrepreneur 1 0 0 Joy,
opera 0 0 1 Joy,
cognition 1 0 0 Joy,
advent 0 0 1 Joy,
ridgeback 1 0 0 Joy,
sop 1 0 0 Joy,
hiker 1 0 0 Joy,
hardhat 1 0 0 Joy,
amnesty 0 0 1 Joy,
quarter 1 0 0 Joy,
revere 1 0 1 Joy,
sugary 1 0 0 Joy,
domain 1 0 0 Joy,
square 1 0 0 Joy,
retrieve 1 0 0 Joy,
gape 1 0 0 Joy,
buyer 1 0 0 Joy,
cultivation 1 0 0 Joy,
ejaculation 1 0 1 Joy,
receipt 1 0 0 Joy,
unlock 1 0 0 Joy,
replay 1 0 0 Joy,
farewell 1 0 0 Joy,
sexually 1 0 0 Joy,
wavelength 1 0 0 Joy,
girl 1 0 0 Joy,
obsession 1 0 0 Joy,
amusement 1 0 1 Joy,
elizabeth 1 0 0 Joy,
bouyant 1 0 0 Joy,
accomplish 1 0 1 Joy,
stitch 1 0 0 Joy,
intercourse 1 0 0 Joy,
motherhood 0 0 1 Joy,
profit 1 0 0 Joy,
irony 1 0 0 Joy,
icebox 1 0 0 Joy,
parallelogram 1 0 0 Joy,
factory 1 0 0 Joy,
increase 1 0 0 Joy,
imperative 1 0 0 Joy,
rational 1 0 0 Joy,
worshiper 1 0 0 Joy,
arrive 1 0 0 Joy,
sensor 1 0 0 Joy,
correct 1 0 0 Joy,
assurance 1 0 0 Joy,
gush 1 0 1 Joy,
undead 1 0 0 Joy,
theory 1 0 0 Joy,
hairdresser 1 0 0 Joy,
sideways 1 0 0 Joy,
peacefulness 1 0 0 Joy,
million 1 0 0 Joy,
envelop 1 0 0 Joy,
possibility 1 0 0 Joy,
quark 1 0 0 Joy,
oasis 0 0 1 Joy,
musing 1 0 0 Joy,
besides 1 0 0 Joy,
obligation 1 0 0 Joy,
tranquilize 1 0 0 Joy,
orb 1 0 0 Joy,
inevitable 1 0 0 Joy,
card 1 0 0 Joy,
care 1 0 0 Joy,
advance 1 0 1 Joy,
underwear 1 0 0 Joy,
derivation 1 0 0 Joy,
language 1 0 0 Joy,
ministry 0 0 1 Joy,
contented 0 1 0 Joy,
jolliness 1 0 0 Joy,
honest 1 0 1 Joy,
motion 1 0 0 Joy,
thing 1 0 0 Joy,
place 1 0 0 Joy,
gordon 1 0 0 Joy,
invitation 1 0 0 Joy,
thankfulness 1 0 0 Joy,
furby 1 0 0 Joy,
promotion 1 0 0 Joy,
think 1 0 0 Joy,
frequent 1 0 0 Joy,
first 1 0 0 Joy,
origin 1 0 0 Joy,
intuition 1 0 0 Joy,
symmetry 0 0 1 Joy,
spoken 1 0 0 Joy,
question 1 0 0 Joy,
carefreeness 0 1 0 Joy,
pacifically 1 0 0 Joy,
fricative 1 0 0 Joy,
one 1 0 0 Joy,
long 1 0 0 Joy,
president 1 0 0 Joy,
carry 1 0 0 Joy,
rind 1 0 0 Joy,
ring 1 0 0 Joy,
tame 1 0 0 Joy,
open 1 0 0 Joy,
summarize 1 0 0 Joy,
size 1 0 0 Joy,
given 1 0 0 Joy,
ebb 1 0 0 Joy,
quality 1 0 0 Joy,
authentic 0 0 1 Joy,
breed 1 0 0 Joy,
plank 1 0 0 Joy,
stimulation 1 0 0 Joy,
checker 1 0 0 Joy,
victorious 0 0 1 Joy,
draft 1 0 0 Joy,
fiery 1 0 0 Joy,
realization 1 0 0 Joy,
welfare 1 0 0 Joy,
white 0 0 1 Joy,
drugstore 1 0 0 Joy,
friend 1 0 1 Joy,
festivity 1 0 0 Joy,
complacent 0 1 0 Joy,
hug 1 0 1 Joy,
thaw 1 0 0 Joy,
courier 1 0 0 Joy,
cope 1 0 0 Joy,
foreplay 1 0 0 Joy,
hum 1 0 0 Joy,
memo 1 0 0 Joy,
todd 1 0 0 Joy,
jane 1 0 0 Joy,
lesbian 1 0 0 Joy,
commendable 0 0 1 Joy,
attempt 1 0 0 Joy,
junkyard 1 0 0 Joy,
grunt 1 0 0 Joy,
holder 1 0 0 Joy,
than 1 0 0 Joy,
boyfriend 1 0 0 Joy,
wide 1 0 0 Joy,
television 1 0 0 Joy,
require 1 0 0 Joy,
handmade 1 0 0 Joy,
optimism 1 0 1 Joy,
approve 0 0 1 Joy,
karate 1 0 0 Joy,
glossy 1 0 0 Joy,
outcome 1 0 0 Joy,
oath 1 0 0 Joy,
decompose 1 0 0 Joy,
placidness 1 0 0 Joy,
lullaby 1 0 0 Joy,
rend 1 0 0 Joy,
angel 1 0 1 Joy,
sac 1 0 0 Joy,
retort 1 0 0 Joy,
pro 1 0 0 Joy,
embarass 1 0 0 Joy,
phenobarbital 1 0 0 Joy,
say 1 0 0 Joy,
slam 1 0 0 Joy,
comedian 1 0 0 Joy,
pastry 1 0 1 Joy,
crochet 1 0 0 Joy,
spectacle 1 0 0 Joy,
flatness 1 0 0 Joy,
capitalism 1 0 0 Joy,
saw 1 0 0 Joy,
any 1 0 0 Joy,
splooge 1 0 0 Joy,
elsewhere 1 0 0 Joy,
prosperity 1 0 0 Joy,
castor 1 0 0 Joy,
overjoyed 0 0 1 Joy,
extrovert 1 0 0 Joy,
fashionable 1 0 0 Joy,
efficient 1 0 0 Joy,
coliseum 1 0 0 Joy,
offer 1 0 0 Joy,
note 1 0 0 Joy,
equipment 1 0 0 Joy,
ideal 1 0 0 Joy,
take 1 0 0 Joy,
batman 1 0 0 Joy,
objective 1 0 0 Joy,
haste 1 0 0 Joy,
glassware 1 0 0 Joy,
computation 1 0 0 Joy,
begin 1 0 0 Joy,
tally 1 0 0 Joy,
mountaineer 1 0 0 Joy,
norman 1 0 0 Joy,
theatre 1 0 0 Joy,
syllable 1 0 0 Joy,
price 1 0 0 Joy,
sherman 1 0 0 Joy,
betrayal 1 0 0 Joy,
zigzag 1 0 0 Joy,
donation 1 0 0 Joy,
kirstin 1 0 0 Joy,
multiply 1 0 0 Joy,
librarian 1 0 0 Joy,
therapeutic 0 0 1 Joy,
jubilee 0 0 1 Joy,
damage 1 0 0 Joy,
icon 1 0 0 Joy,
latex 1 0 0 Joy,
lawn 1 0 0 Joy,
synonym 1 0 0 Joy,
adopt 1 0 0 Joy,
sale 1 0 0 Joy,
tooth 1 0 0 Joy,
pattern 1 0 0 Joy,
typically 1 0 0 Joy,
ordination 0 0 1 Joy,
quantity 1 0 0 Joy,
precise 1 0 0 Joy,
show 1 1 0 Joy,
lotus 1 0 0 Joy,
glaze 1 0 0 Joy,
cheap 1 0 0 Joy,
contemporary 1 0 0 Joy,
merit 1 0 0 Joy,
fifty 1 0 0 Joy,
elevate 1 0 0 Joy,
bright 1 0 0 Joy,
therapist 1 0 0 Joy,
shoe 1 0 0 Joy,
threshold 1 0 0 Joy,
mister 1 0 0 Joy,
fifth 1 0 0 Joy,
ground 1 0 0 Joy,
enthusiast 0 0 1 Joy,
snack 1 0 0 Joy,
stormy 1 0 0 Joy,
title 1 0 0 Joy,
proclamation 1 0 0 Joy,
plume 1 0 0 Joy,
treasure 1 0 1 Joy,
cheeseburger 1 0 0 Joy,
enough 1 0 0 Joy,
contraction 1 0 0 Joy,
gulp 1 0 0 Joy,
spirituality 1 0 0 Joy,
consent 1 0 0 Joy,
enthusiasm 0 1 1 Joy,
otter 1 0 0 Joy,
awareness 1 0 0 Joy,
tinnitus 1 0 0 Joy,
charmed 0 0 1 Joy,
hostage 1 0 0 Joy,
assistant 1 0 0 Joy,
mormon 1 0 0 Joy,
expectation 1 0 0 Joy,
soon 1 0 0 Joy,
procreation 1 0 0 Joy,
confessional 1 0 0 Joy,
progress 1 0 1 Joy,
chigger 1 0 0 Joy,
savoury 1 0 0 Joy,
conjunction 1 0 0 Joy,
teens 1 0 0 Joy,
celebrate 1 0 0 Joy,
homestead 1 0 0 Joy,
closure 1 0 1 Joy,
declutter 1 0 0 Joy,
pinnacle 1 0 0 Joy,
reproductive 0 0 1 Joy,
appreciatively 1 0 0 Joy,
artist 1 0 0 Joy,
verbosity 1 0 0 Joy,
moviegoer 1 0 0 Joy,
median 1 0 0 Joy,
thermal 1 0 0 Joy,
yield 1 0 0 Joy,
joker 1 0 1 Joy,
priest 1 0 0 Joy,
euro 1 0 0 Joy,
hotness 1 0 0 Joy,
exuberant 0 1 0 Joy,
husband 1 0 0 Joy,
kernel 1 0 0 Joy,
beethoven 1 0 0 Joy,
picnic 1 0 1 Joy,
honesty 1 0 0 Joy,
inquiry 1 0 0 Joy,
emote 1 0 0 Joy,
seat 1 0 0 Joy,
relative 1 0 0 Joy,
asleep 1 0 0 Joy,
astonishment 0 0 1 Joy,
seam 1 0 0 Joy,
obliging 0 0 1 Joy,
salutation 1 0 0 Joy,
surgery 1 0 0 Joy,
encouraged 1 0 0 Joy,
detect 1 0 0 Joy,
vertical 1 0 0 Joy,
generosity 1 0 1 Joy,
federal 1 0 0 Joy,
incite 1 0 0 Joy,
exhilirate 1 0 0 Joy,
ornament 1 0 0 Joy,
rollicking 0 0 1 Joy,
label 1 0 0 Joy,
importance 1 0 0 Joy,
behind 1 0 0 Joy,
kilometer 1 0 0 Joy,
between 1 0 0 Joy,
import 1 0 0 Joy,
geometric 1 0 0 Joy,
islam 1 0 0 Joy,
across 1 0 0 Joy,
arrival 1 0 0 Joy,
notice 1 0 0 Joy,
swift 1 0 0 Joy,
parent 1 0 0 Joy,
enjoying 0 0 1 Joy,
vatican 1 0 0 Joy,
enlightment 1 0 0 Joy,
dome 1 0 0 Joy,
pluck 1 0 0 Joy,
inseparable 0 0 1 Joy,
judo 1 0 0 Joy,
gratefully 1 0 0 Joy,
concentrate 1 0 0 Joy,
coma 1 0 0 Joy,
spark 1 0 0 Joy,
come 1 0 0 Joy,
foxtrot 1 0 0 Joy,
postage 1 0 0 Joy,
sunbather 1 0 0 Joy,
latch 1 0 0 Joy,
superstar 0 0 1 Joy,
warmness 1 0 0 Joy,
mediocrity 1 0 0 Joy,
residence 1 0 0 Joy,
region 1 0 0 Joy,
ballpark 1 0 0 Joy,
monk 1 0 0 Joy,
deduction 1 0 0 Joy,
environmentalist 1 0 0 Joy,
jovial 0 0 1 Joy,
workplace 1 0 0 Joy,
flipper 1 0 0 Joy,
adorn 1 0 0 Joy,
expression 1 0 0 Joy,
allowance 1 0 0 Joy,
duty 1 0 0 Joy,
among 1 0 0 Joy,
merry 0 0 1 Joy,
color 1 0 0 Joy,
continuation 1 0 0 Joy,
concussion 1 0 0 Joy,
jeans 1 0 0 Joy,
pop 1 0 0 Joy,
possessive 1 0 0 Joy,
poo 1 0 0 Joy,
twin 1 0 0 Joy,
strengthening 0 0 1 Joy,
constant 1 0 0 Joy,
buoyancy 0 1 0 Joy,
twig 1 0 0 Joy,
boat 1 0 0 Joy,
raring 1 0 0 Joy,
plantation 1 0 0 Joy,
arts 1 0 0 Joy,
underworld 1 0 0 Joy,
companionship 1 0 0 Joy,
capable 1 0 0 Joy,
toothpaste 1 0 0 Joy,
vacation 1 0 1 Joy,
mark 1 0 0 Joy,
breath 1 0 0 Joy,
almighty 1 0 0 Joy,
sonorous 0 0 1 Joy,
acre 1 0 0 Joy,
prototype 1 0 0 Joy,
reflex 1 0 0 Joy,
mary 1 0 0 Joy,
hilarity 0 1 1 Joy,
conner 1 0 0 Joy,
direction 1 0 0 Joy,
shopping 0 0 1 Joy,
gist 1 0 0 Joy,
blessing 0 0 1 Joy,
observe 1 0 0 Joy,
wake 1 0 0 Joy,
partygoer 1 0 0 Joy,
careful 1 0 0 Joy,
spirit 1 0 0 Joy,
fossil 1 0 0 Joy,
sound 1 0 0 Joy,
shaft 1 0 0 Joy,
myself 1 0 0 Joy,
lye 1 0 0 Joy,
spiderman 1 0 0 Joy,
slumber 1 0 0 Joy,
cash 1 0 1 Joy,
intimately 0 0 1 Joy,
cast 1 0 0 Joy,
conveyance 1 0 0 Joy,
shear 1 0 0 Joy,
many 1 0 0 Joy,
expertise 1 0 0 Joy,
cherub 1 0 0 Joy,
margin 1 0 0 Joy,
wart 1 0 0 Joy,
vest 1 0 0 Joy,
orientation 1 0 0 Joy,
zenith 1 0 0 Joy,
appreciativeness 1 0 0 Joy,
metric 1 0 0 Joy,
canon 1 0 0 Joy,
marcel 1 0 0 Joy,
expedient 0 0 1 Joy,
cluster 1 0 0 Joy,
embrace 1 0 1 Joy,
waterway 1 0 0 Joy,
property 1 0 0 Joy,
technology 1 0 0 Joy,
fame 1 0 0 Joy,
edification 0 0 1 Joy,
synagogue 1 0 0 Joy,
develop 1 0 0 Joy,
harsh 1 0 0 Joy,
april 1 0 0 Joy,
inquire 1 0 0 Joy,
media 1 0 0 Joy,
pester 1 0 0 Joy,
archive 1 0 0 Joy,
food 0 0 1 Joy,
amazingly 0 0 1 Joy,
pad 1 0 0 Joy,
reminder 1 0 0 Joy,
document 1 0 0 Joy,
pal 1 0 0 Joy,
homophobic 1 0 0 Joy,
status 1 0 0 Joy,
noble 1 0 0 Joy,
finish 1 0 0 Joy,
wand 1 0 0 Joy,
enjoyment 1 0 0 Joy,
arctic 1 0 0 Joy,
self-fulfillment 1 0 0 Joy,
munch 1 0 0 Joy,
companion 1 0 1 Joy,
driven 1 0 0 Joy,
diversion 1 0 0 Joy,
dreaminess 1 0 0 Joy,
vowel 1 0 0 Joy,
cheery 0 0 1 Joy,
weep 1 0 0 Joy,
tradition 1 0 0 Joy,
weave 1 0 0 Joy,
theater 1 0 0 Joy,
utterance 1 0 0 Joy,
random 1 0 0 Joy,
psychopath 1 0 0 Joy,
magical 0 0 1 Joy,
lawrence 1 0 0 Joy,
eureka 1 0 0 Joy,
workhouse 1 0 0 Joy,
breeze 1 0 0 Joy,
solve 1 0 0 Joy,
relief 1 0 0 Joy,
exuberance 0 1 1 Joy,
coordinate 1 0 0 Joy,
uninjured 0 1 0 Joy,
model 1 0 0 Joy,
reward 1 0 1 Joy,
dimension 1 0 0 Joy,
scholarship 0 0 1 Joy,
outdoor 1 0 0 Joy,
monet 1 0 0 Joy,
knowledgeable 1 0 0 Joy,
clon 1 0 0 Joy,
valuable 1 0 0 Joy,
accumulate 1 0 0 Joy,
civilized 0 0 1 Joy,
unclear 1 0 0 Joy,
maternity 1 0 0 Joy,
aspect 1 0 0 Joy,
touch 1 0 0 Joy,
polish 1 0 0 Joy,
flavor 1 0 0 Joy,
speed 1 0 0 Joy,
singularity 1 0 0 Joy,
alimony 1 0 0 Joy,
rover 1 0 0 Joy,
application 1 0 0 Joy,
domicile 1 0 0 Joy,
except 1 0 0 Joy,
improvement 1 0 1 Joy,
blog 1 0 0 Joy,
verse 1 0 0 Joy,
pile 1 0 0 Joy,
decorator 1 0 0 Joy,
hind 1 0 0 Joy,
stopwatch 1 0 0 Joy,
cogitate 1 0 0 Joy,
competitiveness 1 0 0 Joy,
joyful 0 1 1 Joy,
real 1 0 0 Joy,
idiom 1 0 0 Joy,
swin 1 0 0 Joy,
grit 1 0 0 Joy,
around 1 0 0 Joy,
spectacular 1 0 0 Joy,
reassured 1 0 0 Joy,
fulfillment 0 1 1 Joy,
quickness 1 0 0 Joy,
grid 1 0 0 Joy,
secrecy 1 0 0 Joy,
symbolism 1 0 0 Joy,
stunt 1 0 0 Joy,
reap 1 0 0 Joy,
bravery 1 0 0 Joy,
sensational 1 0 1 Joy,
satisfaction 0 1 0 Joy,
fortune 1 0 1 Joy,
postcard 1 0 0 Joy,
cardinal 1 0 0 Joy,
pole 1 0 0 Joy,
miracle 1 0 1 Joy,
server 1 0 0 Joy,
shutter 1 0 0 Joy,
audience 1 0 0 Joy,
miraculous 0 0 1 Joy,
either 1 0 0 Joy,
output 1 0 0 Joy,
tower 1 0 0 Joy,
tart 1 0 0 Joy,
stationary 1 0 0 Joy,
clap 1 0 1 Joy,
auditorium 1 0 0 Joy,
dale 1 0 0 Joy,
sneaker 1 0 0 Joy,
debut 1 0 0 Joy,
superintendent 0 1 0 Joy,
harpoon 1 0 0 Joy,
jewellery 1 0 0 Joy,
doll 1 0 1 Joy,
veracity 0 0 1 Joy,
ascend 1 0 0 Joy,
competition 1 0 0 Joy,
deduce 1 0 0 Joy,
ridicule 1 0 0 Joy,
intend 1 0 0 Joy,
questionnaire 1 0 0 Joy,
divine 1 0 0 Joy,
joan 1 0 0 Joy,
practical 1 0 0 Joy,
poll 1 0 0 Joy,
princely 0 0 1 Joy,
tote 1 0 0 Joy,
vote 1 0 1 Joy,
cavity 1 0 0 Joy,
tube 1 0 0 Joy,
fondue 1 0 0 Joy,
jiggle 1 0 0 Joy,
conservative 1 0 0 Joy,
cannabis 1 0 0 Joy,
babysitter 1 0 0 Joy,
buddha 1 0 0 Joy,
gladden 0 1 0 Joy,
pastime 1 0 0 Joy,
linoleum 1 0 0 Joy,
ornamentation 1 0 0 Joy,
refer 1 0 0 Joy,
broomstick 1 0 0 Joy,
voluntary 1 0 0 Joy,
timekeeper 1 0 0 Joy,
assembly 1 0 0 Joy,
reasonable 1 0 0 Joy,
business 1 0 0 Joy,
raincoat 1 0 0 Joy,
throb 1 0 0 Joy,
demonstrative 0 0 1 Joy,
each 1 0 0 Joy,
notable 0 0 1 Joy,
broker 1 0 0 Joy,
update 1 0 0 Joy,
leadership 1 0 0 Joy,
fantasize 1 0 0 Joy,
assemble 1 0 0 Joy,
bazaar 1 0 0 Joy,
athletics 1 0 0 Joy,
exaltation 0 0 1 Joy,
manufacturer 1 0 0 Joy,
comparison 1 0 0 Joy,
pep 1 0 0 Joy,
central 1 0 0 Joy,
package 1 0 0 Joy,
zealous 0 0 1 Joy,
industry 1 0 0 Joy,
favorite 0 0 1 Joy,
ideology 1 0 0 Joy,
exquisite 0 0 1 Joy,
neighbor 1 0 0 Joy,
act 1 0 0 Joy,
doze 1 0 0 Joy,
bond 1 0 0 Joy,
backup 1 0 0 Joy,
marmite 1 0 0 Joy,
tribe 1 0 0 Joy,
chivalry 1 0 0 Joy,
inclusion 1 0 0 Joy,
image 1 0 0 Joy,
bountiful 0 0 1 Joy,
blessed 0 0 1 Joy,
excercise 1 0 0 Joy,
rising 0 0 1 Joy,
inbox 1 0 0 Joy,
determine 1 0 0 Joy,
magnificence 0 0 1 Joy,
operator 1 0 0 Joy,
financial 1 0 0 Joy,
your 1 0 0 Joy,
shoplift 1 0 0 Joy,
pamper 1 0 0 Joy,
bubbly 1 0 0 Joy,
prepare 1 0 0 Joy,
area 1 0 0 Joy,
reassuringly 1 0 0 Joy,
relocation 1 0 0 Joy,
philadelphia 1 0 0 Joy,
christianity 1 0 0 Joy,
emancipation 1 0 1 Joy,
insurance 1 0 0 Joy,
lot 1 0 0 Joy,
politeness 1 0 0 Joy,
immaculate 0 0 1 Joy,
treat 1 0 1 Joy,
shawna 1 0 0 Joy,
compassionateness 1 0 0 Joy,
spicy 1 0 0 Joy,
mischief 1 0 0 Joy,
complete 1 0 0 Joy,
groan 1 0 0 Joy,
tranquility 1 0 1 Joy,
defrost 1 0 0 Joy,
peaceful 1 0 1 Joy,
pitcher 1 0 0 Joy,
soprano 1 0 0 Joy,
gore 1 0 0 Joy,
belle 1 0 0 Joy,
consumable 1 0 0 Joy,
with 1 0 0 Joy,
steven 1 0 0 Joy,
football 0 0 1 Joy,
pull 1 0 0 Joy,
hire 1 0 1 Joy,
romantic 0 0 1 Joy,
celebrating 0 0 1 Joy,
intermission 1 0 0 Joy,
blacksmith 1 0 0 Joy,
extermination 1 0 0 Joy,
flirt 1 0 1 Joy,
overpay 1 0 0 Joy,
bavarium 1 0 0 Joy,
magnolia 1 0 0 Joy,
grasp 1 0 0 Joy,
agree 1 0 0 Joy,
affection 0 0 1 Joy,
connect 1 0 0 Joy,
gone 1 0 0 Joy,
celestial 0 0 1 Joy,
tranquillize 1 0 0 Joy,
johnny 1 0 0 Joy,
cinema 1 0 0 Joy,
certain 1 0 0 Joy,
describe 1 0 0 Joy,
watcher 1 0 0 Joy,
imagination 1 0 0 Joy,
examine 1 0 0 Joy,
reliability 1 0 0 Joy,
tasty 1 0 0 Joy,
together 1 0 0 Joy,
midwife 0 0 1 Joy,
cathedral 1 0 1 Joy,
sheath 1 0 0 Joy,
tranquil 1 0 1 Joy,
amused 0 0 1 Joy,
bishop 1 0 0 Joy,
film 1 0 0 Joy,
fill 1 0 0 Joy,
sterling 0 0 1 Joy,
again 1 0 0 Joy,
yoga 1 0 0 Joy,
storage 1 0 0 Joy,
loyal 1 0 1 Joy,
saturday 1 0 0 Joy,
introspection 1 0 0 Joy,
tight 1 0 0 Joy,
reassurance 1 0 0 Joy,
grenade 1 0 0 Joy,
mathematics 1 0 0 Joy,
sufficient 1 0 0 Joy,
immunity 1 0 0 Joy,
shenzhen 1 0 0 Joy,
meritorious 0 0 1 Joy,
congress 1 0 0 Joy,
silky 1 0 0 Joy,
shelter 1 0 0 Joy,
symbol 1 0 0 Joy,
slant 1 0 0 Joy,
peal 1 0 0 Joy,
important 1 0 0 Joy,
midget 1 0 0 Joy,
peak 1 0 0 Joy,
unattractive 1 0 0 Joy,
fasten 1 0 0 Joy,
chris 1 0 0 Joy,
ledger 1 0 0 Joy,
revolve 1 0 0 Joy,
spouse 1 0 1 Joy,
freshness 1 0 0 Joy,
pool 1 0 0 Joy,
freely 0 0 1 Joy,
semicircle 1 0 0 Joy,
assert 1 0 0 Joy,
sanctification 0 0 1 Joy,
remote 1 0 0 Joy,
applause 0 0 1 Joy,
wife 1 0 0 Joy,
invest 1 0 0 Joy,
percentage 1 0 0 Joy,
curve 1 0 0 Joy,
scroll 1 0 0 Joy,
repay 0 0 1 Joy,
mast 1 0 0 Joy,
mass 1 0 0 Joy,
smirk 1 0 0 Joy,
directory 1 0 0 Joy,
nutrient 1 0 0 Joy,
ovary 1 0 0 Joy,
resolution 1 0 0 Joy,
cpu 1 0 0 Joy,
represent 1 0 0 Joy,
all 1 0 0 Joy,
consider 1 0 0 Joy,
duplex 1 0 0 Joy,
ale 1 0 0 Joy,
neigh 1 0 0 Joy,
paperclip 1 0 0 Joy,
thoughtful 1 0 0 Joy,
befriend 0 0 1 Joy,
keeper 1 0 0 Joy,
upkeep 1 0 0 Joy,
fairness 1 0 0 Joy,
follow 1 0 0 Joy,
meditation 1 0 0 Joy,
settlement 1 0 0 Joy,
religious 1 0 0 Joy,
sung 1 0 0 Joy,
carpet 1 0 0 Joy,
jessie 1 0 0 Joy,
glimpse 1 0 0 Joy,
attentive 1 0 0 Joy,
tinsel 0 0 1 Joy,
doe 1 0 0 Joy,
centimetre 1 0 0 Joy,
dribble 1 0 0 Joy,
courteous 1 0 0 Joy,
tail 1 0 0 Joy,
program 1 0 0 Joy,
dairy 1 0 0 Joy,
tranquillity 1 0 0 Joy,
smile 1 0 1 Joy,
volunteer 1 0 1 Joy,
presentation 1 0 0 Joy,
assist 1 0 0 Joy,
committee 1 0 0 Joy,
belonging 0 1 0 Joy,
woman 1 0 0 Joy,
appointment 1 0 0 Joy,
straightforward 1 0 0 Joy,
song 1 0 0 Joy,
very 1 0 0 Joy,
debit 1 0 0 Joy,
carefree 0 1 0 Joy,
baton 1 0 0 Joy,
verb 1 0 0 Joy,
diary 0 0 1 Joy,
winning 0 0 1 Joy,
cobalt 1 0 0 Joy,
commemoration 0 0 1 Joy,
condition 1 0 0 Joy,
steve 1 0 0 Joy,
heaven 1 0 0 Joy,
firebomb 1 0 0 Joy,
marvellous 1 0 0 Joy,
celebrity 1 0 1 Joy,
bookshelve 1 0 0 Joy,
large 1 0 0 Joy,
gladdened 0 1 0 Joy,
sane 1 0 0 Joy,
outburst 0 0 1 Joy,
peon 1 0 0 Joy,
locomotive 1 0 0 Joy,
programme 1 0 0 Joy,
dexterity 1 0 0 Joy,
knick-knack 1 0 0 Joy,
portable 1 0 0 Joy,
louvre 1 0 0 Joy,
tea 1 0 0 Joy,
grasshopper 1 0 0 Joy,
tee 1 0 0 Joy,
past 1 0 0 Joy,
orgasm 0 0 1 Joy,
negotiator 1 0 0 Joy,
invention 1 0 0 Joy,
design 1 0 0 Joy,
perspective 1 0 0 Joy,
lawyer 1 0 0 Joy,
further 1 0 0 Joy,
warmonger 1 0 0 Joy,
mastery 0 0 1 Joy,
investment 1 0 0 Joy,
aphrodisiac 1 0 0 Joy,
quicken 1 0 0 Joy,
conscience 1 0 0 Joy,
dissertation 1 0 0 Joy,
dial 1 0 0 Joy,
defence 1 0 0 Joy,
stalin 1 0 0 Joy,
sun 0 0 1 Joy,
section 1 0 0 Joy,
associate 1 0 0 Joy,
stool 1 0 0 Joy,
brief 1 0 0 Joy,
burgundy 1 0 0 Joy,
verbalize 1 0 0 Joy,
pulpit 1 0 0 Joy,
sunrise 1 0 0 Joy,
nurse 1 0 0 Joy,
everlasting 1 0 0 Joy,
public 1 0 0 Joy,
multitude 1 0 0 Joy,
movement 1 0 0 Joy,
full 1 0 0 Joy,
hash 1 0 0 Joy,
sentient 1 0 0 Joy,
boutique 0 1 0 Joy,
loose 1 0 0 Joy,
vet 1 0 0 Joy,
behaviour 1 0 0 Joy,
drudgery 1 0 0 Joy,
cylindrical 1 0 0 Joy,
depend 1 0 0 Joy,
strong 1 0 0 Joy,
respect 0 0 1 Joy,
baron 1 0 0 Joy,
arena 1 0 0 Joy,
search 1 0 0 Joy,
bible 1 0 0 Joy,
ahead 1 0 0 Joy,
mdma 1 0 0 Joy,
inspired 0 0 1 Joy,
qualify 1 0 0 Joy,
experience 1 0 0 Joy,
drawers 1 0 0 Joy,
airport 1 0 0 Joy,
laughing 0 0 1 Joy,
pick 1 0 0 Joy,
narrow 1 0 0 Joy,
sweetness 1 0 0 Joy,
tranquilly 1 0 0 Joy,
trainer 1 0 0 Joy,
biodegradable 1 0 0 Joy,
depart 1 0 0 Joy,
mediator 1 0 0 Joy,
roadster 0 0 1 Joy,
transit 1 0 0 Joy,
solitude 1 0 0 Joy,
cosmetic 1 0 0 Joy,
uprise 1 0 0 Joy,
young 0 0 1 Joy,
follower 1 0 0 Joy,
actress 1 0 0 Joy,
coercion 1 0 0 Joy,
select 1 0 0 Joy,
self-love 1 0 0 Joy,
cleanness 1 0 0 Joy,
proceed 1 0 0 Joy,
enliven 0 0 1 Joy,
destination 1 0 1 Joy,
petroleum 1 0 0 Joy,
two 1 0 0 Joy,
socialization 1 0 0 Joy,
acrobat 1 0 1 Joy,
resident 1 0 0 Joy,
splash 1 0 0 Joy,
heroic 0 0 1 Joy,
fragrance 1 0 0 Joy,
gorgeous 1 1 1 Joy,
aperture 1 0 0 Joy,
stretchy 1 0 0 Joy,
sincere 1 0 0 Joy,
ladybug 1 0 0 Joy,
diamond 1 0 1 Joy,
door 1 0 0 Joy,
moistener 1 0 0 Joy,
engaged 0 0 1 Joy,
company 1 0 0 Joy,
stutter 1 0 0 Joy,
gyroscope 1 0 0 Joy,
instrumental 1 0 0 Joy,
domination 1 0 0 Joy,
nomad 1 0 0 Joy,
stick 1 0 0 Joy,
lingerie 1 0 0 Joy,
flab 1 0 0 Joy,
known 1 0 0 Joy,
suction 1 0 0 Joy,
eatable 1 0 0 Joy,
glad 0 1 1 Joy,
none 1 0 0 Joy,
include 1 0 0 Joy,
certainty 1 0 0 Joy,
eden 1 0 0 Joy,
middle 1 0 0 Joy,
recall 1 0 0 Joy,
firstborn 0 0 1 Joy,
plea 1 0 0 Joy,
remain 1 0 0 Joy,
clergy 1 0 0 Joy,
learn 1 0 0 Joy,
male 1 0 0 Joy,
history 1 0 0 Joy,
beautiful 1 0 1 Joy,
gnaw 1 0 0 Joy,
compare 1 0 0 Joy,
prompt 1 0 0 Joy,
virtuous 0 0 1 Joy,
happy 0 1 1 Joy,
campsite 1 0 0 Joy,
share 0 0 1 Joy,
shard 1 0 0 Joy,
accept 1 0 0 Joy,
wal-mart 1 0 0 Joy,
confirmation 1 0 0 Joy,
salty 1 0 0 Joy,
imitation 1 0 0 Joy,
sense 1 0 0 Joy,
phrase 1 0 0 Joy,
airplane 1 0 0 Joy,
species 1 0 0 Joy,
information 1 0 0 Joy,
advantage 1 0 0 Joy,
cheering 0 0 1 Joy,
rather 1 0 0 Joy,
compel 1 0 0 Joy,
enlarge 1 0 0 Joy,
lyre 0 0 1 Joy,
ivy 1 0 0 Joy,
underware 1 0 0 Joy,
bully 1 0 0 Joy,
titillation 0 1 0 Joy,
sacred 1 0 0 Joy,
oppose 1 0 0 Joy,
simplicity 1 0 0 Joy,
sandwich 1 0 0 Joy,
okay 1 0 0 Joy,
algebra 1 0 0 Joy,
advice 1 0 0 Joy,
soda 1 0 0 Joy,
brett 1 0 0 Joy,
reflect 1 0 0 Joy,
aspire 0 0 1 Joy,
plane 1 0 0 Joy,
director 1 0 0 Joy,
adventure 1 0 0 Joy,
pat 1 0 0 Joy,
capitalize 1 0 0 Joy,
response 1 0 0 Joy,
short 1 0 0 Joy,
hobbie 1 0 0 Joy,
documentation 1 0 0 Joy,
dwaine 1 0 0 Joy,
rosebud 1 0 0 Joy,
assign 1 0 0 Joy,
fortification 1 0 0 Joy,
responsibility 1 0 0 Joy,
restorative 0 0 1 Joy,
alphabet 1 0 0 Joy,
pleasure 1 0 0 Joy,
hindu 1 0 0 Joy,
dream 1 0 0 Joy,
oat 1 0 0 Joy,
fillet 1 0 0 Joy,
slush 1 0 0 Joy,
infant 1 0 1 Joy,
pant 1 0 0 Joy,
hierarchy 1 0 0 Joy,
heartfelt 1 0 1 Joy,
kitten 0 0 1 Joy,
closeness 0 1 1 Joy,
mission 1 0 0 Joy,
mousse 1 0 0 Joy,
trade 1 0 0 Joy,
attitude 1 0 0 Joy,
scientist 1 0 0 Joy,
dough 1 0 0 Joy,
brim 1 0 0 Joy,
cyan 1 0 0 Joy,
existence 1 0 0 Joy,
smiling 0 0 1 Joy,
its 1 0 0 Joy,
astrology 1 0 0 Joy,
member 1 0 0 Joy,
style 1 0 0 Joy,
thrilling 0 0 1 Joy,
glide 1 0 1 Joy,
pray 1 0 1 Joy,
betterment 1 0 0 Joy,
translation 1 0 0 Joy,
buddhism 1 0 0 Joy,
late 1 0 0 Joy,
hairball 1 0 0 Joy,
helper 1 0 0 Joy,
relate 1 0 0 Joy,
speech 1 0 0 Joy,
alter 1 0 0 Joy,
colleague 1 0 0 Joy,
goof 1 0 0 Joy,
columbus 1 0 0 Joy,
good 0 0 1 Joy,
return 1 0 0 Joy,
buffoon 1 0 0 Joy,
ceo 1 0 0 Joy,
propose 1 0 0 Joy,
cupcake 1 0 0 Joy,
snowball 1 0 0 Joy,
excise 1 0 0 Joy,
outbreak 1 0 0 Joy,
foot 1 0 0 Joy,
hairdryer 1 0 0 Joy,
association 1 0 0 Joy,
easily 1 0 0 Joy,
erection 1 0 0 Joy,
designation 1 0 0 Joy,
pregnant 1 0 0 Joy,
always 1 0 0 Joy,
delicate 1 0 0 Joy,
refresh 1 0 0 Joy,
swimsuit 1 0 0 Joy,
bless 1 0 1 Joy,
preen 0 1 0 Joy,
token 1 0 0 Joy,
participant 1 0 0 Joy,
frilly 1 0 0 Joy,
mastercard 1 0 0 Joy,
eva 1 0 0 Joy,
found 0 0 1 Joy,
fairy 1 0 0 Joy,
lovemaking 0 0 1 Joy,
friendship 0 0 1 Joy,
trailer 1 0 0 Joy,
lantern 1 0 0 Joy,
heavy 1 0 0 Joy,
ordinal 1 0 0 Joy,
everyone 1 0 0 Joy,
delicious 1 0 1 Joy,
weight 0 0 1 Joy,
fixture 1 0 0 Joy,
idea 1 0 0 Joy,
engaging 0 0 1 Joy,
kneel 1 0 0 Joy,
expect 1 0 0 Joy,
undertake 1 0 0 Joy,
measurement 1 0 0 Joy,
inter 1 0 0 Joy,
callus 1 0 0 Joy,
beyond 1 0 0 Joy,
event 1 0 0 Joy,
really 1 0 0 Joy,
reverent 1 0 0 Joy,
unsurpassed 0 0 1 Joy,
veneration 1 0 0 Joy,
robert 1 0 0 Joy,
pigeon 1 0 0 Joy,
publish 1 0 0 Joy,
research 1 0 0 Joy,
reverend 0 0 1 Joy,
safety 1 0 0 Joy,
paradise 1 0 0 Joy,
fortitude 0 0 1 Joy,
darling 0 0 1 Joy,
evaluation 1 0 0 Joy,
salute 0 0 1 Joy,
sunblock 1 0 0 Joy,
expansive 0 1 0 Joy,
foam 1 0 0 Joy,
belief 1 0 0 Joy,
risen 1 0 0 Joy,
circumstance 1 0 0 Joy,
forgive 1 0 0 Joy,
pub 1 0 0 Joy,
pleasant 1 0 1 Joy,
reason 1 0 0 Joy,
base 1 0 0 Joy,
cookie 1 0 0 Joy,
disneyland 1 0 0 Joy,
put 1 0 0 Joy,
teach 1 0 1 Joy,
guy 1 0 0 Joy,
bash 1 0 0 Joy,
fiat 1 0 0 Joy,
definition 1 0 0 Joy,
revival 0 0 1 Joy,
launch 1 0 0 Joy,
woven 1 0 0 Joy,
oxycontin 1 0 0 Joy,
bridegroom 0 0 1 Joy,
blossom 1 0 1 Joy,
american 1 0 0 Joy,
threat 1 0 0 Joy,
daisy 1 0 0 Joy,
corkscrew 1 0 0 Joy,
castle 1 0 0 Joy,
blush 1 0 0 Joy,
porpoise 1 0 0 Joy,
bushel 1 0 0 Joy,
feed 1 0 0 Joy,
major 1 0 0 Joy,
engagement 1 0 0 Joy,
statue 1 0 0 Joy,
prevent 1 0 0 Joy,
feel 1 0 0 Joy,
radical 1 0 0 Joy,
fancy 0 0 1 Joy,
obedience 1 0 0 Joy,
slipper 1 0 0 Joy,
elder 1 0 0 Joy,
unexpected 0 0 1 Joy,
done 1 0 0 Joy,
least 1 0 0 Joy,
bland 1 0 0 Joy,
nag 1 0 0 Joy,
wages 0 0 1 Joy,
euphoria 0 1 0 Joy,
glitter 0 0 1 Joy,
corporal 1 0 0 Joy,
story 1 1 0 Joy,
peaceable 1 0 0 Joy,
guest 1 0 0 Joy,
jet 1 0 0 Joy,
obtainable 0 0 1 Joy,
introduction 1 0 0 Joy,
arlington 1 0 0 Joy,
interact 1 0 0 Joy,
brisket 1 0 0 Joy,
comfy 1 0 0 Joy,
construct 1 0 0 Joy,
cartoon 0 1 0 Joy,
stork 1 0 0 Joy,
towel 1 0 0 Joy,
regulation 1 0 0 Joy,
wonderful 0 0 1 Joy,
heartily 0 0 1 Joy,
expand 1 0 0 Joy,
saint 1 0 1 Joy,
revel 0 0 1 Joy,
ton 1 0 0 Joy,
majority 1 0 1 Joy,
scheme 1 0 0 Joy,
peaceably 1 0 0 Joy,
option 1 0 0 Joy,
relationship 1 0 0 Joy,
declare 1 0 0 Joy,
zeus 1 0 0 Joy,
park 1 0 0 Joy,
prediction 1 0 0 Joy,
appreciation 1 0 1 Joy,
dentist 1 0 0 Joy,
part 1 0 0 Joy,
favorable 0 0 1 Joy,
vindication 0 0 1 Joy,
consonant 1 0 0 Joy,
believe 1 0 0 Joy,
convinced 1 0 0 Joy,
grace 1 0 0 Joy,
apprentice 1 0 0 Joy,
king 1 0 0 Joy,
kind 1 0 1 Joy,
moat 1 0 0 Joy,
picturesque 0 0 1 Joy,
vial 1 0 0 Joy,
double 1 0 0 Joy,
instruction 1 0 0 Joy,
erotic 1 0 1 Joy,
vocal 1 0 0 Joy,
youth 0 0 1 Joy,
sophisticate 1 0 0 Joy,
utopia 1 0 0 Joy,
marriage 1 0 1 Joy,
toward 1 0 0 Joy,
entranceway 1 0 0 Joy,
musuem 1 0 0 Joy,
cleaner 1 0 0 Joy,
motivation 1 0 0 Joy,
pickpocket 1 0 0 Joy,
toybox 1 0 0 Joy,
contraception 1 0 0 Joy,
outstanding 0 0 1 Joy,
reunion 1 0 0 Joy,
juicy 1 0 0 Joy,
affirmative 1 0 0 Joy,
direct 1 0 0 Joy,
juice 1 0 0 Joy,
musician 0 1 0 Joy,
alike 1 0 0 Joy,
emblem 1 0 0 Joy,
blissful 0 0 1 Joy,
sensual 1 0 1 Joy,
sell 1 0 0 Joy,
ballerina 1 0 0 Joy,
athelete 1 0 0 Joy,
offender 1 0 0 Joy,
rochester 1 0 0 Joy,
grandchildren 0 0 1 Joy,
anarchism 1 0 0 Joy,
self 1 0 0 Joy,
cave 1 0 0 Joy,
camouflage 1 0 0 Joy,
also 1 0 0 Joy,
labour 1 0 0 Joy,
chairman 1 0 0 Joy,
satisfactory 0 1 0 Joy,
frail 1 0 0 Joy,
cream 0 0 1 Joy,
welt 1 0 0 Joy,
unconstrained 0 0 1 Joy,
victor 0 0 1 Joy,
honeycomb 1 0 0 Joy,
serene 1 0 0 Joy,
towards 1 0 0 Joy,
electric 1 0 1 Joy,
stacey 1 0 0 Joy,
monastery 1 0 0 Joy,
reach 1 0 0 Joy,
chart 1 0 0 Joy,
most 1 0 0 Joy,
shareholder 1 0 0 Joy,
plan 1 0 0 Joy,
significant 1 0 0 Joy,
eskimo 1 0 0 Joy,
prestige 1 0 1 Joy,
achievement 1 0 1 Joy,
salary 1 0 1 Joy,
archery 1 0 0 Joy,
raving 0 0 1 Joy,
mobile 1 0 0 Joy,
popularity 1 0 0 Joy,
cover 1 0 0 Joy,
treasurer 1 0 0 Joy,
coven 1 0 0 Joy,
charitable 0 0 1 Joy,
artistic 1 0 0 Joy,
clean 1 0 1 Joy,
weigh 1 0 0 Joy,
liberate 1 0 1 Joy,
bulletin 1 0 0 Joy,
nobility 1 0 0 Joy,
rocker 1 0 0 Joy,
thomas 1 0 0 Joy,
hyper 1 0 0 Joy,
golf 1 0 0 Joy,
phenomenon 1 0 0 Joy,
barter 1 0 0 Joy,
restore 1 0 0 Joy,
espresso 1 0 0 Joy,
carny 1 0 0 Joy,
booze 1 0 0 Joy,
clog 1 0 0 Joy,
relation 1 0 0 Joy,
self-pride 1 0 0 Joy,
heavens 0 0 1 Joy,
fine 1 0 0 Joy,
find 1 0 0 Joy,
occupation 1 0 0 Joy,
completion 1 0 1 Joy,
indicator 1 0 0 Joy,
flattery 1 0 0 Joy,
copyright 1 0 0 Joy,
justice 1 0 0 Joy,
bonheur 0 1 0 Joy,
undying 0 0 1 Joy,
voluptuous 0 0 1 Joy,
sanguineness 1 0 0 Joy,
indian 1 0 0 Joy,
cassette 1 0 0 Joy,
betray 1 0 0 Joy,
condom 1 0 0 Joy,
money 1 0 1 Joy,
darwin 1 0 0 Joy,
glut 1 0 0 Joy,
hip 1 0 0 Joy,
shepherd 1 0 0 Joy,
his 1 0 0 Joy,
permission 1 0 0 Joy,
streamer 1 0 0 Joy,
express 1 0 0 Joy,
sunny 0 0 1 Joy,
congratulatory 0 0 1 Joy,
strut 1 0 0 Joy,
famous 1 0 0 Joy,
consecration 0 0 1 Joy,
courage 1 0 0 Joy,
rest 1 0 0 Joy,
strum 1 0 0 Joy,
compass 1 0 0 Joy,
self-discipline 1 0 0 Joy,
banner 1 0 0 Joy,
banquet 1 0 1 Joy,
merchandise 1 0 0 Joy,
exultation 0 1 0 Joy,
resolve 1 0 0 Joy,
immerse 0 0 1 Joy,
expenditure 1 0 0 Joy,
stroll 1 0 0 Joy,
perfume 1 0 0 Joy,
coincidence 1 0 0 Joy,
investigate 1 0 0 Joy,
wheat 1 0 0 Joy,
common 1 0 0 Joy,
activity 1 0 0 Joy,
naughty 1 0 0 Joy,
enema 1 0 0 Joy,
mantle 1 0 0 Joy,
coffeehouse 1 0 0 Joy,
precaution 1 0 0 Joy,
mouthwash 1 0 0 Joy,
rave 1 0 1 Joy,
sew 1 0 0 Joy,
inferior 1 0 0 Joy,
set 1 0 0 Joy,
art 1 0 1 Joy,
bart 1 0 0 Joy,
luxury 1 0 1 Joy,
creator 1 0 0 Joy,
intelligence 1 0 1 Joy,
nibble 1 0 0 Joy,
sex 1 0 1 Joy,
culture 1 0 0 Joy,
venerate 1 0 0 Joy,
individual 1 0 0 Joy,
sec 1 0 0 Joy,
sea 1 0 0 Joy,
barf 1 0 0 Joy,
tender 0 0 1 Joy,
jury 1 0 0 Joy,
excusable 1 0 0 Joy,
baptismal 0 0 1 Joy,
cozy 1 0 0 Joy,
project 1 0 0 Joy,
visualize 1 0 0 Joy,
spirits 0 0 1 Joy,
expert 1 0 0 Joy,
haddock 1 0 0 Joy,
movie 1 1 0 Joy,
leg 1 0 0 Joy,
please 1 0 0 Joy,
slinkie 1 0 0 Joy,
coordination 1 0 0 Joy,
crossword 1 0 0 Joy,
beautification 0 0 1 Joy,
guardian 1 0 0 Joy,
architect 1 0 0 Joy,
donate 1 0 0 Joy,
beatify 1 0 0 Joy,
compliment 1 0 1 Joy,
endure 1 0 0 Joy,
available 1 0 0 Joy,
solo 1 0 0 Joy,
hardship 1 0 0 Joy,
complement 1 0 1 Joy,
glorification 0 0 1 Joy,
denomination 1 0 0 Joy,
aircraft 1 0 0 Joy,
succeed 0 0 1 Joy,
sanguinity 1 0 0 Joy,
distinguish 1 0 0 Joy,
dividend 1 0 0 Joy,
whiteness 1 0 1 Joy,
lightness 1 0 0 Joy,
lyrical 0 0 1 Joy,
bride 0 0 1 Joy,
both 1 0 0 Joy,
lass 1 0 0 Joy,
tangible 1 0 0 Joy,
winchester 1 0 0 Joy,
restaurant 1 0 0 Joy,
fiance 1 0 0 Joy,
restful 1 0 0 Joy,
pace 1 0 0 Joy,
bandit 1 0 0 Joy,
connection 1 0 0 Joy,
aid 1 0 0 Joy,
suede 1 0 0 Joy,
fraternity 1 0 0 Joy,
vault 1 0 0 Joy,
whole 1 0 0 Joy,
pda 1 0 0 Joy,
reside 1 0 0 Joy,
loaf 1 0 0 Joy,
licence 1 0 0 Joy,
oversleep 1 0 0 Joy,
point 1 0 0 Joy,
sweet 1 0 1 Joy,
sweep 1 0 0 Joy,
whatever 1 0 0 Joy,
hollow 1 0 0 Joy,
dancer 1 0 0 Joy,
sexy 1 0 0 Joy,
vessel 1 0 0 Joy,
openness 1 0 0 Joy,
expensive 1 0 0 Joy,
belt 1 0 0 Joy,
duh 1 0 0 Joy,
finally 0 0 1 Joy,
sine 1 0 0 Joy,
java 1 0 0 Joy,
raise 1 0 0 Joy,
monthly 1 0 0 Joy,
create 1 0 1 Joy,
acceptance 1 0 0 Joy,
satire 1 0 0 Joy,
fudge 1 0 0 Joy,
reduction 1 0 0 Joy,
extravagant 1 0 0 Joy,
sociable 1 0 0 Joy,
maintenance 1 0 0 Joy,
omniscient 1 0 0 Joy,
italian 1 0 0 Joy,
territory 1 0 0 Joy,
treatment 1 0 0 Joy,
firm 1 0 0 Joy,
collectible 1 0 0 Joy,
dialogue 1 0 0 Joy,
preist 1 0 0 Joy,
consume 1 0 0 Joy,
swirl 1 0 0 Joy,
gay 0 1 0 Joy,
boy 1 0 0 Joy,
flavorful 1 0 0 Joy,
precision 1 0 0 Joy,
else 1 0 0 Joy,
fund 1 0 0 Joy,
moderation 1 0 0 Joy,
awake 1 0 0 Joy,
burgoise 1 0 0 Joy,
demand 1 0 0 Joy,
rosary 1 0 0 Joy,
instructor 1 0 0 Joy,
pact 1 0 0 Joy,
highest 0 0 1 Joy,
biped 1 0 0 Joy,
fur 1 0 0 Joy,
look 1 0 0 Joy,
enchanted 0 0 1 Joy,
solid 1 0 0 Joy,
reliable 1 0 0 Joy,
civility 1 0 0 Joy,
gem 0 0 1 Joy,
budget 1 0 0 Joy,
rope 1 0 0 Joy,
receive 1 0 0 Joy,
bikini 1 0 0 Joy,
sexuality 1 0 0 Joy,
whittle 1 0 0 Joy,
ought 1 0 0 Joy,
behavior 1 0 0 Joy,
chant 1 0 1 Joy,
fun 0 1 1 Joy,
loot 1 0 0 Joy,
socialise 1 0 0 Joy,
pack 1 0 0 Joy,
grip 1 0 0 Joy,
mote 1 0 0 Joy,
mystic 1 0 0 Joy,
calculator 1 0 0 Joy,
decoration 1 0 0 Joy,
ecstasy 1 0 1 Joy,
nave 1 0 0 Joy,
vow 1 0 1 Joy,
centennial 1 0 0 Joy,
ready 1 0 0 Joy,
ethnicity 1 0 0 Joy,
exult 0 1 0 Joy,
chauffeur 1 0 0 Joy,
funny 1 0 0 Joy,
shirt 1 0 0 Joy,
grant 0 0 1 Joy,
migraine 1 0 0 Joy,
perpetrator 1 0 0 Joy,
belong 1 0 0 Joy,
passionate 0 0 1 Joy,
benign 0 0 1 Joy,
discourse 1 0 0 Joy,
protractor 1 0 0 Joy,
corridor 1 0 0 Joy,
grand 1 0 0 Joy,
advise 1 0 0 Joy,
yogurt 1 0 0 Joy,
forgiveness 1 0 0 Joy,
composition 1 0 0 Joy,
neutron 1 0 0 Joy,
development 1 0 0 Joy,
lid 1 0 0 Joy,
literature 1 0 0 Joy,
tupperware 1 0 0 Joy,
snail 1 0 0 Joy,
bonus 1 0 1 Joy,
gallery 1 0 0 Joy,
negotiate 1 0 0 Joy,
stacy 1 0 0 Joy,
purpose 1 0 0 Joy,
necessity 1 0 0 Joy,
priceless 1 0 0 Joy,
assortment 1 0 0 Joy,
yours 1 0 0 Joy,
nickname 1 0 0 Joy,
stack 1 0 0 Joy,
recent 1 0 0 Joy,
frozen 1 0 0 Joy,
task 1 0 0 Joy,
earnest 1 0 0 Joy,
clint 1 0 0 Joy,
inflate 1 0 0 Joy,
codeine 1 0 0 Joy,
newsstand 1 0 0 Joy,
analysis 1 0 0 Joy,
honor 1 0 0 Joy,
concrete 1 0 0 Joy,
cheer 0 1 1 Joy,
machinery 1 0 0 Joy,
consistency 1 0 0 Joy,
landmark 1 1 0 Joy,
organization 1 0 1 Joy,
clearance 1 0 0 Joy,
spend 1 0 0 Joy,
ambassador 1 0 0 Joy,
chord 1 0 0 Joy,
shilling 1 0 0 Joy,
from 1 0 0 Joy,
curiousity 1 0 0 Joy,
altruistic 1 0 0 Joy,
aroma 1 0 0 Joy,
shape 1 0 0 Joy,
sam 1 0 0 Joy,
elect 1 0 0 Joy,
alternative 1 0 0 Joy,
holiness 0 0 1 Joy,
prince 1 0 0 Joy,
discipline 1 0 0 Joy,
omnivore 1 0 0 Joy,
password 1 0 0 Joy,
laurels 0 0 1 Joy,
morals 0 0 1 Joy,
tablet 1 0 0 Joy,
observant 1 0 0 Joy,
informal 1 0 0 Joy,
lady 1 0 0 Joy,
admission 1 0 0 Joy,
alternate 1 0 0 Joy,
carat 1 0 0 Joy,
aloha 0 0 1 Joy,
contractor 1 0 0 Joy,
source 1 0 0 Joy,
cue 1 0 0 Joy,
horseradish 1 0 0 Joy,
location 1 0 0 Joy,
win 1 0 0 Joy,
contrary 1 0 0 Joy,
cum 1 0 0 Joy,
excited 0 0 1 Joy,
chess 1 0 0 Joy,
clan 1 0 0 Joy,
greek 1 0 0 Joy,
big 1 0 0 Joy,
couple 1 0 0 Joy,
doorbell 1 0 0 Joy,
unlimited 1 0 0 Joy,
ruff 1 0 0 Joy,
judgement 1 0 0 Joy,
game 1 1 0 Joy,
quest 1 0 0 Joy,
jibe 1 0 0 Joy,
necessary 1 0 0 Joy,
awaken 1 0 0 Joy,
translucent 1 0 0 Joy,
formal 1 0 0 Joy,
knock 1 0 0 Joy,
rotate 1 0 0 Joy,
inviting 0 0 1 Joy,
marvelous 0 0 1 Joy,
signal 1 0 0 Joy,
toyota 1 0 0 Joy,
collect 1 0 0 Joy,
continue 1 0 0 Joy,
indication 1 0 0 Joy,
entice 1 0 0 Joy,
starry 0 0 1 Joy,
popular 1 0 0 Joy,
stylish 1 0 0 Joy,
essential 1 0 0 Joy,
coronation 0 0 1 Joy,
mathematical 1 0 0 Joy,
crescendo 0 0 1 Joy,
sketch 1 0 0 Joy,
often 1 0 0 Joy,
absolutely 1 0 0 Joy,
wail 1 0 0 Joy,
creation 1 0 0 Joy,
some 1 0 0 Joy,
bach 1 0 0 Joy,
bouncy 1 0 0 Joy,
martian 1 0 0 Joy,
mighty 0 0 1 Joy,
candy 1 0 0 Joy,
trendy 1 0 0 Joy,
mustang 1 0 0 Joy,
pale 1 0 0 Joy,
brent 1 0 0 Joy,
sanity 1 0 0 Joy,
jewelry 1 0 0 Joy,
twinkle 0 0 1 Joy,
decision 1 0 0 Joy,
gratuity 1 0 0 Joy,
novelty 1 0 0 Joy,
benefit 1 0 0 Joy,
per 1 0 0 Joy,
seller 1 0 0 Joy,
fundamentalist 1 0 0 Joy,
religion 1 0 0 Joy,
pen 1 0 0 Joy,
lark 1 0 0 Joy,
temple 1 0 0 Joy,
blackberry 1 0 0 Joy,
saintly 0 0 1 Joy,
concealer 1 0 0 Joy,
rub 1 0 0 Joy,
salmon 1 0 0 Joy,
agreement 1 0 0 Joy,
cedar 1 0 0 Joy,
step 1 0 0 Joy,
respite 0 0 1 Joy,
friar 1 0 0 Joy,
lottery 1 0 0 Joy,
carol 1 0 1 Joy,
close 0 1 0 Joy,
subtract 1 0 0 Joy,
abroad 1 0 0 Joy,
projector 1 0 0 Joy,
shine 1 0 0 Joy,
faith 1 0 1 Joy,
goods 1 0 0 Joy,
graft 1 0 0 Joy,
certificate 1 0 0 Joy,
anything 1 0 0 Joy,
simplify 0 0 1 Joy,
niceness 1 0 0 Joy,
whiteboard 1 0 0 Joy,
graduation 1 0 1 Joy,
trucking 1 0 0 Joy,
melbourne 1 0 0 Joy,
ballgame 1 0 0 Joy,
wicker 1 0 0 Joy,
gossipe 1 0 0 Joy,
shiny 1 0 0 Joy,
dwight 1 0 0 Joy,
block 1 0 0 Joy,
gospel 1 0 0 Joy,
disclosure 1 0 0 Joy,
waltz 1 0 0 Joy,
clinton 1 0 0 Joy,
plenty 1 0 0 Joy,
smoothie 1 0 0 Joy,
visit 1 0 0 Joy,
into 1 0 0 Joy,
tofu 1 0 0 Joy,
elasticity 1 0 0 Joy,
signature 1 0 0 Joy,
holster 1 0 0 Joy,
proverb 1 0 0 Joy,
gavel 1 0 0 Joy,
lesson 1 0 0 Joy,
pentagon 1 0 0 Joy,
lifeboat 1 0 0 Joy,
katie 1 0 0 Joy,
rapture 0 0 1 Joy,
yo-yo 1 0 0 Joy,
verbal 1 0 0 Joy,
masterbate 1 0 0 Joy,
sock 1 0 0 Joy,
facism 1 0 0 Joy,
fast 1 0 0 Joy,
custom 1 0 0 Joy,
overpower 1 0 0 Joy,
purr 0 0 1 Joy,
forward 1 0 0 Joy,
renovation 0 0 1 Joy,
glow 0 0 1 Joy,
manufacture 1 0 0 Joy,
plunge 1 0 0 Joy,
invite 1 0 1 Joy,
communion 0 0 1 Joy,
pronounce 1 0 0 Joy,
healthful 1 0 1 Joy,
frost 1 0 0 Joy,
pastor 1 0 1 Joy,
glamour 1 0 0 Joy,
archaic 1 0 0 Joy,
larry 1 0 0 Joy,
link 1 0 0 Joy,
authority 1 0 0 Joy,
bourgoise 1 0 0 Joy,
upright 1 0 0 Joy,
injection 1 0 0 Joy,
junior 1 0 0 Joy,
observation 1 0 0 Joy,
lifeguard 1 0 0 Joy,
motive 1 0 0 Joy,
keyhole 1 0 0 Joy,
characteristic 1 0 0 Joy,
international 1 0 0 Joy,
commiseration 1 0 0 Joy,
strategize 1 0 0 Joy,
highlight 1 0 0 Joy,
similar 1 0 0 Joy,
x-ray 1 0 0 Joy,
insignia 1 0 0 Joy,
sort 1 0 0 Joy,
genial 0 0 1 Joy,
humanitarian 0 0 1 Joy,
supervisor 1 0 0 Joy,
reconcile 1 0 0 Joy,
expedition 1 0 0 Joy,
influence 1 0 0 Joy,
char 1 0 0 Joy,
scarlet 1 0 0 Joy,
single 1 0 0 Joy,
cure 1 0 0 Joy,
curb 1 0 0 Joy,
hopefulness 1 0 0 Joy,
curl 1 0 0 Joy,
antiquate 1 0 0 Joy,
prevail 0 0 1 Joy,
liking 0 0 1 Joy,
kidney 1 0 0 Joy,
echo 1 0 0 Joy,
peter 1 0 0 Joy,
polygon 1 0 0 Joy,
copulate 1 0 0 Joy,
levity 1 0 0 Joy,
creeper 1 0 0 Joy,
peace 1 0 1 Joy,
afford 1 0 0 Joy,
nap 0 0 1 Joy,
excrete 1 0 0 Joy,
statement 1 0 0 Joy,
transport 1 0 0 Joy,
income 1 0 1 Joy,
department 1 0 0 Joy,
arithmetic 1 0 0 Joy,
nice 1 0 0 Joy,
tedium 1 0 0 Joy,
draw 1 0 0 Joy,
venerable 0 0 1 Joy,
energetic 1 0 0 Joy,
excitation 0 0 1 Joy,
lend 1 0 0 Joy,
sublimation 0 0 1 Joy,
tablespoon 1 0 0 Joy,
lucid 1 0 0 Joy,
backbone 1 0 0 Joy,
soundness 0 0 1 Joy,
forge 1 0 0 Joy,
treatable 1 0 0 Joy,
insect 1 0 0 Joy,
velocity 1 0 0 Joy,
reservation 1 0 0 Joy,
chocolate 1 0 1 Joy,
sightsee 1 0 0 Joy,
structure 1 0 0 Joy,
ago 1 0 0 Joy,
organism 1 0 0 Joy,
advertisment 1 0 0 Joy,
microsoft 1 0 0 Joy,
depth 1 0 0 Joy,
summit 1 0 0 Joy,
urgency 1 0 0 Joy,
broad 1 0 0 Joy,
walker 1 0 0 Joy,
fresh 1 0 0 Joy,
menace 1 0 0 Joy,
hello 1 0 0 Joy,
once 1 0 0 Joy,
code 1 0 0 Joy,
resistance 1 0 0 Joy,
weltschmerz 1 0 0 Joy,
enjoyable 1 0 0 Joy,
windy 1 0 0 Joy,
proposition 1 0 0 Joy,
groceries 1 0 0 Joy,
self-complacent 1 0 0 Joy,
aristocrat 1 0 0 Joy,
gossip 1 0 0 Joy,
golfer 1 0 0 Joy,
lyrics 1 0 0 Joy,
pioneer 1 0 0 Joy,
disposal 1 0 0 Joy,
wizard 1 0 0 Joy,
mosque 1 0 0 Joy,
floss 1 0 0 Joy,
send 1 0 0 Joy,
granular 1 0 0 Joy,
shack 1 0 0 Joy,
compost 1 0 0 Joy,
masculine 1 0 0 Joy,
stable 1 0 0 Joy,
enlightenment 1 0 1 Joy,
friendly 0 0 1 Joy,
resources 0 0 1 Joy,
kimono 1 0 0 Joy,
fly 1 0 0 Joy,
retire 1 0 0 Joy,
entertaintment 1 0 0 Joy,
garden 0 0 1 Joy,
dessert 1 0 0 Joy,
rhyme 1 0 0 Joy,
acreage 1 0 0 Joy,
unbeaten 0 0 1 Joy,
spoon 1 0 0 Joy,
felicity 0 0 1 Joy,
accuse 1 0 0 Joy,
spook 1 0 0 Joy,
artery 1 0 0 Joy,
wipe 1 0 0 Joy,
imperturbableness 1 0 0 Joy,
posture 1 0 0 Joy,
timely 1 0 0 Joy,
generousity 1 0 0 Joy,
recreation 1 0 1 Joy,
magic 1 0 0 Joy,
harbor 1 0 0 Joy,
knight 1 0 0 Joy,
marry 1 0 1 Joy,
compassionate 1 0 0 Joy,
michael 1 0 0 Joy,
eve 1 0 0 Joy,
hive 1 0 0 Joy,
try 1 0 0 Joy,
tenderness 0 0 1 Joy,
race 1 0 0 Joy,
passtime 1 0 0 Joy,
gauge 1 0 0 Joy,
friendliness 0 0 1 Joy,
challenge 1 0 0 Joy,
anticipative 1 0 0 Joy,
booty 1 0 0 Joy,
pledge 1 0 1 Joy,
picket 1 0 0 Joy,
telegraph 1 0 0 Joy,
honore 1 0 0 Joy,
sensation 1 0 0 Joy,
crop 1 0 0 Joy,
jump 1 0 1 Joy,
fold 1 0 0 Joy,
hummingbird 1 0 0 Joy,
haiku 1 0 0 Joy,
pornography 1 0 0 Joy,
languor 1 0 0 Joy,
pajamas 1 0 0 Joy,
ode 1 0 0 Joy,
scientific 1 0 0 Joy,
index 1 0 0 Joy,
power 1 0 0 Joy,
opaque 1 0 0 Joy,
intimate 1 0 1 Joy,
edifice 1 0 0 Joy,
paddle 1 0 0 Joy,
enchant 0 0 1 Joy,
experiment 1 0 0 Joy,
oration 1 0 0 Joy,
capital 1 0 0 Joy,
charade 1 0 0 Joy,
can 1 0 0 Joy,
scenery 1 0 0 Joy,
dissection 1 0 0 Joy,
delighted 0 0 1 Joy,
drill 1 0 0 Joy,
stance 1 0 0 Joy,
exchange 1 0 0 Joy,
kangaroo 1 0 0 Joy,
commercial 1 0 0 Joy,
bromine 1 0 0 Joy,
explore 1 0 0 Joy,
sewn 1 0 0 Joy,
let 1 0 0 Joy,
healing 0 0 1 Joy,
pancake 1 0 0 Joy,
others 1 0 0 Joy,
sing 1 0 1 Joy,
tuition 1 0 0 Joy,
polution 1 0 0 Joy,
cyclist 1 0 0 Joy,
remark 1 0 0 Joy,
engage 1 0 0 Joy,
talent 1 0 0 Joy,
unenviable 1 0 0 Joy,
conceit 1 0 0 Joy,
conformity 1 0 0 Joy,
happine 1 0 0 Joy,
courageous 1 0 0 Joy,
fetch 1 0 0 Joy,
benevolence 0 0 1 Joy,
survey 1 0 0 Joy,
buss 0 0 1 Joy,
popcorn 1 0 0 Joy,
opinion 1 0 0 Joy,
implement 1 0 0 Joy,
gene 1 0 0 Joy,
salvation 1 0 1 Joy,
maker 1 0 0 Joy,
kid 0 1 0 Joy,
teaspoon 1 0 0 Joy,
well-disposed 1 0 0 Joy,
confession 1 0 0 Joy,
private 1 0 0 Joy,
hardy 0 0 1 Joy,
bartender 1 0 0 Joy,
wit 1 0 0 Joy,
cheerleader 1 0 0 Joy,
beckon 1 0 0 Joy,
apply 1 0 0 Joy,
staple 1 0 0 Joy,
manipulate 1 0 0 Joy,
lime 1 0 0 Joy,
confidence 1 0 1 Joy,
fee 1 0 0 Joy,
metaphor 1 0 0 Joy,
hippie 1 0 0 Joy,
zip 1 0 0 Joy,
scenic 1 0 0 Joy,
readable 1 0 0 Joy,
remittance 1 0 0 Joy,
next 1 0 0 Joy,
earnestness 1 0 0 Joy,
duplicate 1 0 0 Joy,
contentment 0 1 0 Joy,
debbie 1 0 0 Joy,
attribute 1 0 0 Joy,
yardstick 1 0 0 Joy,
themselves 1 0 0 Joy,
panel 1 0 0 Joy,
forefathers 0 0 1 Joy,
possession 1 0 0 Joy,
humbleness 1 0 0 Joy,
infantry 1 0 0 Joy,
pretty 1 0 1 Joy,
giggle 1 0 1 Joy,
trait 1 0 0 Joy,
factor 1 0 0 Joy,
unplug 1 0 0 Joy,
trail 1 0 0 Joy,
connie 1 0 0 Joy,
baby 1 0 1 Joy,
lifestyle 1 0 0 Joy,
harvest 1 0 1 Joy,
disrobe 1 0 0 Joy,
broth 1 0 0 Joy,
charity 1 0 1 Joy,
customer 1 0 0 Joy,
parachute 1 0 0 Joy,
account 1 0 0 Joy,
augment 1 0 0 Joy,
tunnel 1 0 0 Joy,
ride 1 0 0 Joy,
pour 1 0 0 Joy,
reproduce 1 0 0 Joy,
donut 1 0 0 Joy,
exhilaration 0 1 1 Joy,
lumber 1 0 0 Joy,
praise 1 0 1 Joy,
fulfill 0 0 1 Joy,
nurture 1 0 1 Joy,
personality 1 0 0 Joy,
grin 1 0 1 Joy,
plug 1 0 0 Joy,
transcendence 0 0 1 Joy,
proof 1 0 0 Joy,
control 1 0 0 Joy,
wedge 1 0 0 Joy,
picture 1 0 0 Joy,
mathcamp 1 0 0 Joy,
pawn 1 0 0 Joy,
process 1 0 0 Joy,
lock 1 0 0 Joy,
coolness 1 0 0 Joy,
slim 1 0 0 Joy,
rapt 0 0 1 Joy,
high 1 0 0 Joy,
tag 1 0 0 Joy,
amicable 0 0 1 Joy,
bend 1 0 0 Joy,
tab 1 0 0 Joy,
acculturation 1 0 0 Joy,
voice 1 0 0 Joy,
agility 1 0 0 Joy,
hangar 1 0 0 Joy,
lamb 0 0 1 Joy,
sir 1 0 0 Joy,
sip 1 0 0 Joy,
democracy 1 0 0 Joy,
guru 1 0 0 Joy,
six 1 0 0 Joy,
poetry 1 0 0 Joy,
arrangement 1 0 0 Joy,
brian 1 0 0 Joy,
fete 0 0 1 Joy,
blessings 0 0 1 Joy,
lodge 1 0 0 Joy,
aft 1 0 0 Joy,
instead 1 0 0 Joy,
tortise 1 0 0 Joy,
comedy 1 1 0 Joy,
intelligent 1 0 0 Joy,
filament 1 0 0 Joy,
stock 1 0 0 Joy,
watery 1 0 0 Joy,
attend 1 0 0 Joy,
singular 1 0 0 Joy,
stop 1 0 0 Joy,
birdwatche 1 0 0 Joy,
testimony 1 0 0 Joy,
timekeep 1 0 0 Joy,
thunderstorm 1 0 0 Joy,
collection 1 0 0 Joy,
perceive 1 0 0 Joy,
familiarity 1 0 1 Joy,
legality 1 0 0 Joy,
taco 1 0 0 Joy,
belongings 1 0 0 Joy,
communicator 1 0 0 Joy,
marrow 0 0 1 Joy,
autograph 1 0 0 Joy,
readiness 0 0 1 Joy,
drape 1 0 0 Joy,
daycare 1 0 0 Joy,
sit 1 0 0 Joy,
remedy 0 0 1 Joy,
bakery 1 0 0 Joy,
allow 1 0 0 Joy,
classy 1 0 0 Joy,
hygene 1 0 0 Joy,
martini 1 0 0 Joy,
furnish 1 0 0 Joy,
sanctioned 1 0 0 Joy,
minnow 1 0 0 Joy,
insight 1 0 0 Joy,
damsel 1 0 0 Joy,
gladsome 0 1 0 Joy,
sperm 1 0 0 Joy,
spatula 1 0 0 Joy,
soundstage 1 0 0 Joy,
quake 1 0 0 Joy,
cruise 1 1 0 Joy,
flattering 0 0 1 Joy,
agricultural 1 0 0 Joy,
neurotic 1 0 0 Joy,
perfect 1 0 1 Joy,
superior 1 0 0 Joy,
outer 1 0 0 Joy,
exclusion 1 0 0 Joy,
banknote 1 0 0 Joy,
pleasing 0 1 0 Joy,
glee 0 0 1 Joy,
housewife 1 0 0 Joy,
labor 1 0 1 Joy,
mental 1 0 0 Joy,
heroism 0 0 1 Joy,
tyler 1 0 0 Joy,
choose 1 0 0 Joy,
hobby 1 0 1 Joy,
holiday 1 0 1 Joy,
prosper 1 0 1 Joy,
adornment 1 0 0 Joy,
junction 1 0 0 Joy,
condense 1 0 0 Joy,
richness 1 0 0 Joy,
python 1 0 0 Joy,
mope 1 0 0 Joy,
practice 1 0 0 Joy,
fiesta 0 0 1 Joy,
rhythmical 0 0 1 Joy,
sweets 1 0 1 Joy,
snorkel 1 0 0 Joy,
euphory 1 0 0 Joy,
kiss 1 0 1 Joy,
ambition 1 0 1 Joy,
front 1 0 0 Joy,
rotation 1 0 0 Joy,
kindness 1 0 0 Joy,
realize 1 0 0 Joy,
presidential 1 0 0 Joy,
strive 1 0 0 Joy,
february 1 0 0 Joy,
thrill 0 0 1 Joy,
profound 1 0 0 Joy,
tram 1 0 0 Joy,
establishment 1 0 0 Joy,
radiant 1 0 1 Joy,
feast 1 0 0 Joy,
corndog 1 0 0 Joy,
lifetime 1 0 0 Joy,
merge 1 0 0 Joy,
slide 1 0 0 Joy,
fuzz 1 0 0 Joy,
truth 1 0 0 Joy,
beneath 1 0 0 Joy,
circular 1 0 0 Joy,
esteem 0 0 1 Joy,
fare 1 0 0 Joy,
illuminate 0 0 1 Joy,
expectantly 1 0 0 Joy,
fad 1 0 0 Joy,
tack 1 0 0 Joy,
bluetooth 1 0 0 Joy,
society 1 0 0 Joy,
frequency 1 0 0 Joy,
hurrah 0 0 1 Joy,
measure 1 0 0 Joy,
godliness 1 0 0 Joy,
agriculture 1 0 0 Joy,
special 1 0 1 Joy,
out 1 0 0 Joy,
category 1 0 0 Joy,
matt 1 0 0 Joy,
hesitate 1 0 0 Joy,
ballroom 1 0 0 Joy,
goddess 1 0 0 Joy,
entertainment 1 1 1 Joy,
spectrum 1 0 0 Joy,
defend 1 0 0 Joy,
aspiring 0 0 1 Joy,
reboot 1 0 0 Joy,
vcr 1 0 0 Joy,
mate 1 0 0 Joy,
playground 0 0 1 Joy,
evacuation 1 0 0 Joy,
lecture 1 0 0 Joy,
peace-loving 1 0 0 Joy,
custard 1 0 0 Joy,
plural 1 0 0 Joy,
clone 1 0 0 Joy,
franc 1 0 0 Joy,
shut 1 0 0 Joy,
philosophy 1 0 0 Joy,
rowboat 1 0 0 Joy,
wristwatch 1 0 0 Joy,
ipod 1 0 0 Joy,
philia 1 0 0 Joy,
hyundai 1 0 0 Joy,
impenitent 0 1 0 Joy,
embassy 1 0 0 Joy,
clarify 1 0 0 Joy,
graze 1 0 0 Joy,
jill 1 0 0 Joy,
hazard 1 0 0 Joy,
thrust 1 0 0 Joy,
rejoice 0 1 1 Joy,
yore 1 0 0 Joy,
princess 1 0 0 Joy,
semi-truck 1 0 0 Joy,
comrade 1 0 0 Joy,
interaction 1 0 0 Joy,
organic 1 0 0 Joy,
unwant 1 0 0 Joy,
mac 1 0 0 Joy,
keep 1 0 0 Joy,
chilly 1 0 0 Joy,
length 1 0 0 Joy,
birthday 1 0 1 Joy,
pudding 1 0 0 Joy,
serenity 1 0 1 Joy,
qualification 1 0 0 Joy,
heartsease 1 0 0 Joy,
retain 1 0 0 Joy,
hygeine 1 0 0 Joy,
stimulate 1 0 0 Joy,
scarf 1 0 0 Joy,
bouquet 0 0 1 Joy,
powerful 1 0 1 Joy,
soothing 1 0 1 Joy,
multiplication 1 0 0 Joy,
determination 1 0 0 Joy,
pincer 1 0 0 Joy,
owner 1 0 0 Joy,
patriotism 1 0 0 Joy,
deed 1 0 0 Joy,
disneyworld 1 0 0 Joy,
scent 1 0 0 Joy,
pauper 1 0 0 Joy,
opportune 0 0 1 Joy,
management 1 0 0 Joy,
observer 1 0 0 Joy,
privacy 1 0 0 Joy,
festival 1 1 1 Joy,
dove 0 0 1 Joy,
durable 1 0 0 Joy,
blowdryer 1 0 0 Joy,
traveller 1 0 0 Joy,
system 1 0 0 Joy,
aviator 1 0 0 Joy,
percussion 1 0 0 Joy,
physic 1 0 0 Joy,
ankle 1 0 0 Joy,
jingle 1 0 0 Joy,
ebullient 0 1 0 Joy,
badness 1 0 0 Joy,
final 1 0 0 Joy,
amen 0 0 1 Joy,
tidbit 1 0 0 Joy,
lemonade 1 0 0 Joy,
gear 1 0 0 Joy,
jesus 1 0 0 Joy,
sachet 1 0 0 Joy,
academy 1 0 0 Joy,
explanation 1 0 0 Joy,
acquire 1 0 0 Joy,
forethought 1 0 0 Joy,
unending 1 0 0 Joy,
accompaniment 0 0 1 Joy,
disinfect 1 0 0 Joy,
natural 1 0 0 Joy,
elite 0 0 1 Joy,
commence 1 0 0 Joy,
sweetheart 0 0 1 Joy,
outline 1 0 0 Joy,
flue 1 0 0 Joy,
photograph 1 0 0 Joy,
prune 1 0 0 Joy,
things 1 0 0 Joy,
girdle 1 0 0 Joy,
aspiration 0 0 1 Joy,
perambulate 1 0 0 Joy,
riches 1 0 0 Joy,
emac 1 0 0 Joy,
love 0 0 1 Joy,
jollity 0 1 0 Joy,
compensation 1 0 0 Joy,
defense 1 0 0 Joy,
psalm 1 0 0 Joy,
rollercoaster 1 0 0 Joy,
lover 1 0 1 Joy,
elongate 1 0 0 Joy,
providing 0 0 1 Joy,
sculpture 1 0 0 Joy,
encore 1 0 0 Joy,
function 1 0 0 Joy,
hairstyle 1 0 0 Joy,
unagitated 1 0 0 Joy,
clip 1 0 0 Joy,
viewer 1 0 0 Joy,
partnership 1 0 0 Joy,
tidy 1 0 0 Joy,
reassuring 1 0 0 Joy,
recyclable 1 0 0 Joy,
gentle 1 0 0 Joy,
sincerity 1 0 0 Joy,
have 1 0 0 Joy,
portrait 1 0 0 Joy,
follicle 1 0 0 Joy,
elate 0 1 0 Joy,
border 1 0 0 Joy,
complacency 0 1 0 Joy,
screw 1 0 0 Joy,
angle 1 0 0 Joy,
agency 1 0 0 Joy,
able 1 0 0 Joy,
incentive 1 0 0 Joy,
bagel 1 0 0 Joy,
mix 1 0 0 Joy,
reaper 1 0 0 Joy,
bonanza 0 0 1 Joy,
subject 1 0 0 Joy,
mit 1 0 0 Joy,
accuracy 1 0 0 Joy,
lecturer 1 0 0 Joy,
agenda 1 0 0 Joy,
manor 1 0 0 Joy,
ruthful 1 0 0 Joy,
eternity 1 0 0 Joy,
predicament 1 0 0 Joy,
bounty 0 0 1 Joy,
courtesy 1 0 0 Joy,
visa 1 0 0 Joy,
dispense 1 0 0 Joy,
medal 1 0 1 Joy,
payment 1 0 0 Joy,
clasp 1 0 0 Joy,
visionary 0 0 1 Joy,
delivery 1 0 0 Joy,
stereo 1 0 0 Joy,
placement 1 0 0 Joy,
fang 1 0 0 Joy,
urn 1 0 0 Joy,
gather 1 0 0 Joy,
request 1 0 0 Joy,
thanksgiving 1 0 1 Joy,
dollar 1 0 0 Joy,
enlist 1 0 0 Joy,
neatness 1 0 0 Joy,
mechanical 1 0 0 Joy,
occasion 1 0 0 Joy,
tranquillise 1 0 0 Joy,
fact 1 0 0 Joy,
lease 1 0 0 Joy,
selection 1 0 0 Joy,
unsettle 1 0 0 Joy,
tidyness 1 0 0 Joy,
physique 1 0 0 Joy,
crate 1 0 0 Joy,
cheerful 0 1 1 Joy,
hamlet 1 0 0 Joy,
longevity 1 0 0 Joy,
bring 1 0 0 Joy,
anticipant 1 0 0 Joy,
chicken 1 0 0 Joy,
feat 1 0 1 Joy,
pleased 0 1 1 Joy,
handmaid 1 0 0 Joy,
staff 1 0 0 Joy,
litigation 1 0 0 Joy,
communism 1 0 0 Joy,
knowledge 1 0 0 Joy,
comfort 0 1 1 Joy,
jay 1 0 0 Joy,
fiberglass 1 0 0 Joy,
winner 1 0 1 Joy,
hopeful 1 0 1 Joy,
brighten 0 0 1 Joy,
incident 1 0 0 Joy,
henchman 1 0 0 Joy,
intrepidly 1 0 0 Joy,
bud 1 0 0 Joy,
indeed 1 0 0 Joy,
employee 1 0 0 Joy,
communist 1 0 0 Joy,
local 1 0 0 Joy,
forfeit 1 0 0 Joy,
achieve 1 0 1 Joy,
regularly 1 0 0 Joy,
gratify 0 0 1 Joy,
handle 1 0 0 Joy,
cooperation 1 0 0 Joy,
exceptional 1 0 0 Joy,
familiar 1 0 0 Joy,
lucky 1 1 1 Joy,
listlessness 1 0 0 Joy,
listener 1 0 0 Joy,
wiggle 1 0 0 Joy,
molasses 1 0 0 Joy,
perfection 1 0 1 Joy,
bead 1 0 0 Joy,
wise 1 0 0 Joy,
striped 1 0 0 Joy,
exultant 0 1 0 Joy,
nearly 1 0 0 Joy,
endless 1 0 1 Joy,
evolution 1 0 0 Joy,
champagne 1 0 0 Joy,
joyless 0 1 0 Joy,
temp 1 0 0 Joy,
organ 1 0 1 Joy,
wellness 1 0 0 Joy,
rapper 1 0 0 Joy,
comfortableness 0 1 0 Joy,
fabricate 1 0 0 Joy,
stuff 1 0 0 Joy,
interjection 1 0 0 Joy,
contain 1 0 0 Joy,
tuner 1 0 0 Joy,
grab 1 0 0 Joy,
placidity 1 0 0 Joy,
conduct 1 0 0 Joy,
toothache 1 0 0 Joy,
preach 1 0 0 Joy,
requirement 1 0 0 Joy,
sensuality 0 0 1 Joy,
pronoun 1 0 0 Joy,
hardwood 1 0 0 Joy,
national 1 0 0 Joy,
terrain 1 0 0 Joy,
immigrant 1 0 0 Joy,
yearning 0 0 1 Joy,
reinforce 1 0 0 Joy,
mercifulness 1 0 0 Joy,
racket 1 0 0 Joy,
newscaster 1 0 0 Joy,
creationism 1 0 0 Joy,
wire 1 0 0 Joy,
superhero 1 0 0 Joy,
destiny 1 0 0 Joy,
nuclear 1 0 0 Joy,
literate 1 0 0 Joy,
posse 1 0 0 Joy,
ralph 1 0 0 Joy,
written 1 0 0 Joy,
beautify 0 0 1 Joy,
adolescence 1 0 0 Joy,
barbershop 1 0 0 Joy,
antler 1 0 0 Joy,
openhearted 1 0 0 Joy,
email 1 0 0 Joy,
nutritious 1 0 0 Joy,
ken 1 0 0 Joy,
explosive 1 0 0 Joy,
linguistics 1 0 0 Joy,
keg 1 0 0 Joy,
joy 0 1 1 Joy,
monarchy 1 0 0 Joy,
deliver 1 0 0 Joy,
placidly 1 0 0 Joy,
efficiency 1 0 0 Joy,
hypothesis 1 0 0 Joy,
joe 1 0 0 Joy,
spoil 1 0 0 Joy,
trapezoid 1 0 0 Joy,
precious 1 0 1 Joy,
lotion 1 0 0 Joy,
optional 1 0 0 Joy,
handset 1 0 0 Joy,
gloat 0 1 0 Joy,
mazda 1 0 0 Joy,
bloodhound 1 0 0 Joy,
barrette 1 0 0 Joy,
diligent 1 0 0 Joy,
career 1 0 0 Joy,
joke 1 1 0 Joy,
aqua 1 0 0 Joy,
equal 1 0 0 Joy,
kosher 1 0 0 Joy,
assure 1 0 0 Joy,
grain 1 0 0 Joy,
enunciation 1 0 0 Joy,
swim 0 0 1 Joy,
otherwise 1 0 0 Joy,
comment 1 0 0 Joy,
relevant 1 0 0 Joy,
medallion 1 0 0 Joy,
conclude 1 0 0 Joy,
removal 1 0 0 Joy,
antioxidant 1 0 0 Joy,
overcoat 1 0 0 Joy,
admiration 0 0 1 Joy,
satiation 1 0 0 Joy,
vend 1 0 0 Joy,
preparedness 1 0 0 Joy,
startrek 1 0 0 Joy,
laugh 1 1 1 Joy,
table 1 0 0 Joy,
beach 1 0 1 Joy,
willy 1 0 0 Joy,
poem 1 0 0 Joy,
lectern 1 0 0 Joy,
mailman 1 0 0 Joy,
brotherly 0 0 1 Joy,
addition 1 0 0 Joy,
zipper 1 0 0 Joy,
polka 1 0 0 Joy,
cent 1 0 0 Joy,
arbitrator 1 0 0 Joy,
teamwork 1 0 0 Joy,
laze 1 0 0 Joy,
eraser 1 0 0 Joy,
whisper 1 0 0 Joy,
curtain 1 0 0 Joy,
proposal 1 0 0 Joy,
kitchen 1 0 0 Joy,
trend 1 0 0 Joy,
define 1 0 0 Joy,
score 0 0 1 Joy,
juggler 1 0 0 Joy,
mike 1 0 0 Joy,
citation 1 0 0 Joy,
puberty 1 0 0 Joy,
tap 1 0 0 Joy,
thump 1 0 0 Joy,
cos 1 0 0 Joy,
elation 0 1 0 Joy,
ridden 1 0 0 Joy,
spaniel 0 0 1 Joy,
tenderly 1 0 0 Joy,
tense 1 0 0 Joy,
maroon 1 0 0 Joy,
axle 1 0 0 Joy,
general 1 0 0 Joy,
present 1 0 1 Joy,
self-esteem 1 0 0 Joy,
twist 1 0 0 Joy,
wreck 1 0 0 Joy,
novel 1 0 0 Joy,
laser 1 0 0 Joy,
dictation 1 0 0 Joy,
sanctify 0 0 1 Joy,
vanilla 1 0 0 Joy,
sultan 1 0 0 Joy,
appearance 1 0 0 Joy,
britain 1 0 0 Joy,
value 1 0 0 Joy,
rectangular 1 0 0 Joy,
will 1 0 0 Joy,
sensationalistic 1 0 0 Joy,
finality 1 0 0 Joy,
lassitude 1 0 0 Joy,
supply 1 0 0 Joy,
layer 1 0 0 Joy,
aesthetics 1 0 1 Joy,
ripe 1 0 0 Joy,
almost 1 0 0 Joy,
demo 1 0 0 Joy,
geta 1 0 0 Joy,
site 1 0 0 Joy,
encouragement 1 0 0 Joy,
hardware 1 0 0 Joy,
optimistic 1 0 0 Joy,
lightweight 1 0 0 Joy,
prose 1 0 0 Joy,
partner 1 0 0 Joy,
conserve 1 0 0 Joy,
finance 1 0 0 Joy,
obituary 1 0 0 Joy,
seldom 1 0 0 Joy,
tweezer 1 0 0 Joy,
generic 1 0 0 Joy,
t-shirt 1 0 0 Joy,
balloon 1 0 0 Joy,
headlight 1 0 0 Joy,
administration 1 0 0 Joy,
roman 1 0 0 Joy,
unite 1 0 0 Joy,
romance 1 0 1 Joy,
unity 1 0 0 Joy,
speaker 1 0 0 Joy,
merciful 1 0 0 Joy,
kingly 1 0 0 Joy,
eclectic 1 0 0 Joy,
party 1 0 0 Joy,
finite 1 0 0 Joy,
privileged 0 0 1 Joy,
covenant 1 0 0 Joy,
tighten 1 0 0 Joy,
spell 1 0 0 Joy,
infinity 1 0 1 Joy,
toil 1 0 0 Joy,
fireman 1 0 0 Joy,
receiver 1 0 0 Joy,
octagon 1 0 0 Joy,
proficiency 0 0 1 Joy,
vancouver 1 0 0 Joy,
infinite 1 0 0 Joy,
frequently 1 0 0 Joy,
magician 1 0 0 Joy,
broccoli 1 0 0 Joy,
identity 1 0 0 Joy,
transaction 1 0 0 Joy,
reflection 1 0 0 Joy,
mention 1 0 0 Joy,
afar 1 0 0 Joy,
colour 1 0 0 Joy,
variety 1 0 0 Joy,
well 1 0 0 Joy,
scissor 1 0 0 Joy,
command 1 0 0 Joy,
twirl 1 0 0 Joy,
position 1 0 0 Joy,
audio 1 0 0 Joy,
meet 0 1 0 Joy,
spherical 1 0 0 Joy,
load 1 0 0 Joy,
carrie 1 0 0 Joy,
stout 1 0 0 Joy,
sanguine 1 0 0 Joy,
proximity 1 0 0 Joy,
weekend 1 0 0 Joy,
obtain 1 0 0 Joy,
athirst(p) 0 1 0 Joy,
flea 1 0 0 Joy,
recollection 1 0 0 Joy,
distant 1 0 0 Joy,
enterprise 1 0 0 Joy,
widen 1 0 0 Joy,
skill 1 0 0 Joy,
dais 1 0 0 Joy,
happiness 0 1 1 Joy,
mysterious 1 0 0 Joy,
clipper 1 0 0 Joy,
web 1 0 0 Joy,
generous 1 0 1 Joy,
pendulum 1 0 0 Joy,
wee 1 0 0 Joy,
wed 1 0 0 Joy,
provision 1 0 0 Joy,
bell 1 0 0 Joy,
transparent 1 0 0 Joy,
add 1 0 0 Joy,
other 1 0 0 Joy,
combine 1 0 0 Joy,
attractive 1 0 0 Joy,
citizen 1 0 0 Joy,
earnestly 1 0 0 Joy,
practise 1 0 0 Joy,
smart 1 0 0 Joy,
raven 1 0 0 Joy,
knob 1 0 0 Joy,
sonic 1 0 0 Joy,
candid 0 0 1 Joy,
frieze 1 0 0 Joy,
myth 1 0 0 Joy,
government 1 0 0 Joy,
taunt 1 0 0 Joy,
punctual 1 0 0 Joy,
haul 1 0 0 Joy,
royalty 1 0 0 Joy,
five 1 0 0 Joy,
know 1 0 0 Joy,
facial 1 0 0 Joy,
openmind 1 0 0 Joy,
doughnut 1 0 0 Joy,
intersection 1 0 0 Joy,
bloom 0 0 1 Joy,
assuasive 1 0 0 Joy,
insert 1 0 0 Joy,
lincoln 1 0 0 Joy,
crisp 1 0 0 Joy,
helpful 1 0 1 Joy,
success 1 1 1 Joy,
vibrant 1 0 0 Joy,
stethescope 1 0 0 Joy,
bigotry 1 0 0 Joy,
porous 1 0 0 Joy,
clown 1 0 1 Joy,
mastication 1 0 0 Joy,
jeer 1 0 0 Joy,
clutch 1 0 0 Joy,
become 1 0 0 Joy,
soft 1 0 0 Joy,
audible 1 0 0 Joy,
adversity 1 0 0 Joy,
replacement 1 0 0 Joy,
amendment 1 0 0 Joy,
exceed 0 0 1 Joy,
because 1 0 0 Joy,
oversee 1 0 0 Joy,
classical 1 0 0 Joy,
sequence 1 0 0 Joy,
cider 1 0 0 Joy,
church 1 0 1 Joy,
alive 1 0 1 Joy,
immortal 1 0 0 Joy,
hair 1 0 0 Joy,
preposition 1 0 0 Joy,
growth 1 0 0 Joy,
gymnastics 1 0 0 Joy,
deliverance 0 0 1 Joy,
proper 1 0 0 Joy,
star 0 0 1 Joy,
novelist 1 0 0 Joy,
meatloaf 1 0 0 Joy,
employment 1 0 0 Joy,
recognition 1 0 0 Joy,
shrug 1 0 0 Joy,
armour 1 0 0 Joy,
leaf 1 0 0 Joy,
ecstatic 1 0 1 Joy,
severance 1 0 0 Joy,
archeology 1 0 0 Joy,
humorous 0 0 1 Joy,
miner 1 0 0 Joy,
delightful 0 0 1 Joy,
e-mail 1 0 0 Joy,
leap 1 0 0 Joy,
cradle 1 0 1 Joy,
passion 0 0 1 Joy,
forgiven 1 0 0 Joy,
snuggle 1 0 0 Joy,
leader 1 0 0 Joy,
locate 1 0 0 Joy,
alive(p) 0 1 0 Joy,
biology 1 0 0 Joy,
earplug 1 0 0 Joy,
obey 1 0 0 Joy,
proud 0 1 1 Joy,
schedule 1 0 0 Joy,
tracey 1 0 0 Joy,
parry 1 0 0 Joy,
monetary 1 0 0 Joy,
expansion 1 0 0 Joy,
cove 0 0 1 Joy,
host 1 0 0 Joy,
schoolyard 1 0 0 Joy,
hospitable 1 0 0 Joy,
instinct 1 0 0 Joy,
sparkle 1 0 1 Joy,
mite 1 0 0 Joy,
paste 1 0 0 Joy,
refuge 1 0 0 Joy,
stage 1 0 0 Joy,
throne 1 0 0 Joy,
preservative 1 0 1 Joy,
about 1 0 0 Joy,
actual 1 0 0 Joy,
adverb 1 0 0 Joy,
extension 1 0 0 Joy,
column 1 0 0 Joy,
freedom 1 0 1 Joy,
biscuit 1 0 0 Joy,
legendary 1 0 0 Joy,
brandy 1 0 0 Joy,
ingest 1 0 0 Joy,
idolize 1 0 0 Joy,
epiphany 1 0 0 Joy,
carrier 1 0 0 Joy,
blackness 1 0 0 Joy,
cranberry 1 0 0 Joy,
nucleus 1 0 0 Joy,
emperor 1 0 0 Joy,
documentary 1 0 0 Joy,
revise 1 0 0 Joy,
outset 1 0 0 Joy,
own 1 0 0 Joy,
faithfulness 1 0 0 Joy,
unwind 1 0 0 Joy,
creativity 1 0 0 Joy,
terry 1 0 0 Joy,
commitment 1 0 0 Joy,
promise 1 0 1 Joy,
brush 1 0 0 Joy,
desireable 1 0 0 Joy,
billfold 1 0 0 Joy,
utility 1 0 0 Joy,
maize 1 0 0 Joy,
ridge 1 0 0 Joy,
exciting 0 1 1 Joy,
transfer 1 0 0 Joy,
support 1 0 0 Joy,
firefighter 1 0 0 Joy,
tine 1 0 0 Joy,
imperial 1 0 0 Joy,
visitor 1 0 1 Joy,
utopian 0 0 1 Joy,
glimmer 0 0 1 Joy,
initiation 1 0 0 Joy,
rhythmic 1 0 0 Joy,
nourish 1 0 0 Joy,
alexa 1 0 0 Joy,
checkbook 1 0 0 Joy,
bus 1 0 0 Joy,
beaming 0 1 1 Joy,
titillating 0 1 0 Joy,
but 1 0 0 Joy,
reduce 1 0 0 Joy,
volume 1 0 0 Joy,
construction 1 0 0 Joy,
bun 1 0 0 Joy,
gain 1 0 1 Joy,
competetive 1 0 0 Joy,
squeeze 1 0 0 Joy,
versatile 1 0 0 Joy,
count 1 0 0 Joy,
compute 1 0 0 Joy,
glory 1 0 1 Joy,
handy 1 0 0 Joy,
wish 1 0 0 Joy,
gable 1 0 0 Joy,
official 1 0 0 Joy,
smooth 1 0 0 Joy,
flip 1 0 0 Joy,
triumphant 0 0 1 Joy,
excitement 0 0 1 Joy,
limit 1 0 0 Joy,
cake 1 0 0 Joy,
demonstrate 1 0 0 Joy,
menstruation 1 0 0 Joy,
supreme 1 0 0 Joy,
unusual 1 0 0 Joy,
eagerness 0 1 1 Joy,
recognize 1 0 0 Joy,
universal 1 0 0 Joy,
beetle 1 0 0 Joy,
pie 1 0 0 Joy,
encompass 1 0 0 Joy,
carbohydrate 1 0 0 Joy,
inn 1 0 0 Joy,
goodness 1 0 1 Joy,
education 1 0 0 Joy,
eric 1 0 0 Joy,
balcony 1 0 0 Joy,
accolade 1 0 1 Joy,
contest 1 0 0 Joy,
fortunate 0 1 0 Joy,
corporation 1 0 0 Joy,
detail 1 0 0 Joy,
luster 0 0 1 Joy,
forgivable 1 0 0 Joy,
guarantee 1 0 0 Joy,
witness 1 0 0 Joy,
branch 1 0 0 Joy,
playhouse 0 0 1 Joy,
chemist 1 0 0 Joy,
conclusion 1 0 0 Joy,
stat 1 0 0 Joy,
evergreen 0 0 1 Joy,
monday 1 0 0 Joy,
living 0 1 0 Joy,
worker 1 0 0 Joy,
nourishment 1 0 0 Joy,
stay 1 0 0 Joy,
wallow 0 1 0 Joy,
chance 1 0 0 Joy,
workaholic 1 0 0 Joy,
arbiter 1 0 0 Joy,
cheque 1 0 0 Joy,
waffle 1 0 0 Joy,
rhapsody 1 0 0 Joy,
godsend 0 0 1 Joy,
friends 1 0 0 Joy,
inspiration 1 0 1 Joy,
appoint 1 0 0 Joy,
lactose 1 0 0 Joy,
jewel 1 0 0 Joy,
rule 1 0 0 Joy,
original 1 0 0 Joy,
atheism 1 0 0 Joy,
craft 1 0 0 Joy,
understand 1 0 0 Joy,
yell 1 0 0 Joy,
cheerfulness 0 1 1 Joy,
dismissal 1 0 0 Joy,
limited 0 0 1 Sadness,
revoke 0 0 1 Sadness,
ashamed 0 0 1 Sadness,
embolism 0 0 1 Sadness,
rating 0 0 1 Sadness,
dissolution 0 0 1 Sadness,
unhappy 0 1 1 Sadness,
splitting 0 0 1 Sadness,
weariness 0 0 1 Sadness,
vegetative 0 0 1 Sadness,
dispel 0 0 1 Sadness,
avalanche 0 0 1 Sadness,
knell 0 0 1 Sadness,
jarring 0 0 1 Sadness,
hanging 0 0 1 Sadness,
unwelcome 0 0 1 Sadness,
shot 0 0 1 Sadness,
bomber 0 0 1 Sadness,
hate 0 0 1 Sadness,
skid 0 0 1 Sadness,
lace 0 0 1 Sadness,
dreadful 0 0 1 Sadness,
self-pity 0 1 0 Sadness,
suicide 0 1 1 Sadness,
catastrophe 0 0 1 Sadness,
deceitful 0 0 1 Sadness,
concerned 0 0 1 Sadness,
disability 0 0 1 Sadness,
dolorous 0 1 0 Sadness,
arid 0 0 1 Sadness,
lower 0 0 1 Sadness,
appendicitis 0 0 1 Sadness,
funk 0 0 1 Sadness,
excluded 0 0 1 Sadness,
perdition 0 0 1 Sadness,
disapproved 0 0 1 Sadness,
fatal 0 0 1 Sadness,
hideous 0 0 1 Sadness,
rob 0 0 1 Sadness,
murderous 0 0 1 Sadness,
moribund 0 0 1 Sadness,
horror 0 0 1 Sadness,
obituary 0 0 1 Sadness,
detention 0 0 1 Sadness,
fat 0 0 1 Sadness,
cadaver 0 0 1 Sadness,
unbeaten 0 0 1 Sadness,
blockade 0 0 1 Sadness,
gloomy 0 1 1 Sadness,
mourn 0 0 1 Sadness,
fatigued 0 0 1 Sadness,
enslaved 0 0 1 Sadness,
fall 0 0 1 Sadness,
awful 0 0 1 Sadness,
winning 0 0 1 Sadness,
discouragement 0 1 0 Sadness,
feeble 0 0 1 Sadness,
disconnected 0 0 1 Sadness,
annihilated 0 0 1 Sadness,
senile 0 0 1 Sadness,
dictatorship 0 0 1 Sadness,
sunk 0 0 1 Sadness,
die 0 1 1 Sadness,
loneliness 0 0 1 Sadness,
fragile 0 0 1 Sadness,
uncommitted 0 1 0 Sadness,
cloudy 0 0 1 Sadness,
gullible 0 0 1 Sadness,
unexciting 0 1 0 Sadness,
despairing 0 1 1 Sadness,
relics 0 0 1 Sadness,
harry 0 0 1 Sadness,
uneasiness 0 0 1 Sadness,
obesity 0 0 1 Sadness,
disqualify 0 0 1 Sadness,
deplorable 0 1 1 Sadness,
rack 0 0 1 Sadness,
degeneracy 0 0 1 Sadness,
unsatisfied 0 0 1 Sadness,
revolution 0 0 1 Sadness,
invader 0 0 1 Sadness,
regret 0 0 1 Sadness,
insignificant 0 0 1 Sadness,
bleeding 0 0 1 Sadness,
refugee 0 0 1 Sadness,
cytomegalovirus 0 0 1 Sadness,
recidivism 0 0 1 Sadness,
inconsequential 0 0 1 Sadness,
mishap 0 0 1 Sadness,
nothingness 0 0 1 Sadness,
depraved 0 0 1 Sadness,
hoax 0 0 1 Sadness,
scarcity 0 0 1 Sadness,
plead 0 1 0 Sadness,
guillotine 0 0 1 Sadness,
ravenous 0 0 1 Sadness,
helpless 0 0 1 Sadness,
emptiness 0 0 1 Sadness,
destitute 0 0 1 Sadness,
bacteria 0 0 1 Sadness,
depression 0 1 1 Sadness,
blue 0 1 1 Sadness,
recession 0 0 1 Sadness,
sue 0 0 1 Sadness,
curse 0 0 1 Sadness,
darkness 0 0 1 Sadness,
incompatible 0 0 1 Sadness,
alienation 0 0 1 Sadness,
poisonous 0 0 1 Sadness,
whimper 0 0 1 Sadness,
orchestra 0 0 1 Sadness,
revolver 0 0 1 Sadness,
overload 0 0 1 Sadness,
throb 0 0 1 Sadness,
falling 0 0 1 Sadness,
travesty 0 0 1 Sadness,
scar 0 0 1 Sadness,
suppress 0 0 1 Sadness,
rainy 0 0 1 Sadness,
forlornness 0 1 0 Sadness,
turmoil 0 0 1 Sadness,
melancholy 0 1 1 Sadness,
malaria 0 0 1 Sadness,
shattered 0 0 1 Sadness,
wrangling 0 0 1 Sadness,
funeral 0 1 1 Sadness,
victimized 0 0 1 Sadness,
punch 0 0 1 Sadness,
nepotism 0 0 1 Sadness,
unfairness 0 0 1 Sadness,
disastrous 0 0 1 Sadness,
hopelessness 0 0 1 Sadness,
crippled 0 0 1 Sadness,
deceit 0 0 1 Sadness,
aftermath 0 0 1 Sadness,
rue 0 0 1 Sadness,
shriek 0 1 1 Sadness,
earthquake 0 0 1 Sadness,
unkind 0 0 1 Sadness,
doldrums 0 0 1 Sadness,
squall 0 0 1 Sadness,
numbness 0 0 1 Sadness,
enmity 0 0 1 Sadness,
margin 0 0 1 Sadness,
ridicule 0 0 1 Sadness,
guilty 0 0 1 Sadness,
unfriendly 0 0 1 Sadness,
coffin 0 0 1 Sadness,
expulsion 0 0 1 Sadness,
soldier 0 0 1 Sadness,
burdensome 0 0 1 Sadness,
depreciated 0 0 1 Sadness,
fortress 0 0 1 Sadness,
misery 0 1 1 Sadness,
lonesome 0 0 1 Sadness,
cyst 0 0 1 Sadness,
demonstrator 0 1 0 Sadness,
poverty 0 0 1 Sadness,
doleful 0 1 0 Sadness,
intercede 0 0 1 Sadness,
cataract 0 0 1 Sadness,
criticism 0 0 1 Sadness,
depart 0 0 1 Sadness,
plea 0 0 1 Sadness,
danger 0 0 1 Sadness,
forbid 0 0 1 Sadness,
scold 0 0 1 Sadness,
confession 0 0 1 Sadness,
scarcely 0 0 1 Sadness,
bloody 0 0 1 Sadness,
fearfully 0 0 1 Sadness,
paralyzed 0 0 1 Sadness,
ache 0 1 1 Sadness,
ailing 0 0 1 Sadness,
cocaine 0 0 1 Sadness,
coercion 0 0 1 Sadness,
stingy 0 0 1 Sadness,
illness 0 0 1 Sadness,
devastation 0 0 1 Sadness,
undesirable 0 0 1 Sadness,
casket 0 0 1 Sadness,
sadness 0 1 1 Sadness,
homesick 0 0 1 Sadness,
perished 0 0 1 Sadness,
breakup 0 0 1 Sadness,
hospital 0 0 1 Sadness,
destination 0 0 1 Sadness,
anathema 0 0 1 Sadness,
insult 0 0 1 Sadness,
doubt 0 0 1 Sadness,
music 0 0 1 Sadness,
weeping 0 0 1 Sadness,
bitterly 0 0 1 Sadness,
tribulation 0 0 1 Sadness,
fainting 0 0 1 Sadness,
injury 0 1 1 Sadness,
unaccountable 0 0 1 Sadness,
defendant 0 0 1 Sadness,
impotence 0 0 1 Sadness,
confiscate 0 0 1 Sadness,
flaw 0 0 1 Sadness,
exit 0 1 0 Sadness,
shipwreck 0 0 1 Sadness,
infamy 0 0 1 Sadness,
condescension 0 0 1 Sadness,
lush 0 0 1 Sadness,
regrettable 0 1 1 Sadness,
repentance 0 1 0 Sadness,
wasting 0 0 1 Sadness,
warp 0 0 1 Sadness,
hurt 0 0 1 Sadness,
grief 0 1 1 Sadness,
sore 0 0 1 Sadness,
domination 0 0 1 Sadness,
drown 0 0 1 Sadness,
dismal 0 0 1 Sadness,
broke 0 0 1 Sadness,
unforgiving 0 0 1 Sadness,
epitaph 0 0 1 Sadness,
demolish 0 0 1 Sadness,
fleece 0 0 1 Sadness,
plaintive 0 0 1 Sadness,
unbearable 0 0 1 Sadness,
meek 0 0 1 Sadness,
offender 0 0 1 Sadness,
deformed 0 0 1 Sadness,
indifference 0 0 1 Sadness,
measles 0 0 1 Sadness,
melodrama 0 0 1 Sadness,
abortion 0 0 1 Sadness,
posthumous 0 0 1 Sadness,
worn 0 0 1 Sadness,
nether 0 0 1 Sadness,
offended 0 0 1 Sadness,
irreparable 0 0 1 Sadness,
mortality 0 0 1 Sadness,
abandon 0 0 1 Sadness,
woefully 0 0 1 Sadness,
disillusionment 0 0 1 Sadness,
deceased 0 0 1 Sadness,
crazy 0 0 1 Sadness,
paralysis 0 0 1 Sadness,
woebegone 0 1 0 Sadness,
downfall 0 0 1 Sadness,
abandonment 0 0 1 Sadness,
heartless 0 0 1 Sadness,
choke 0 0 1 Sadness,
collision 0 1 0 Sadness,
stroke 0 0 1 Sadness,
mournfulness 0 1 0 Sadness,
battered 0 0 1 Sadness,
sarcoma 0 0 1 Sadness,
offense 0 0 1 Sadness,
disliked 0 0 1 Sadness,
rape 0 0 1 Sadness,
worse 0 0 1 Sadness,
homicide 0 0 1 Sadness,
slayer 0 0 1 Sadness,
humbug 0 0 1 Sadness,
martyr 0 0 1 Sadness,
polio 0 0 1 Sadness,
bankrupt 0 0 1 Sadness,
subvert 0 0 1 Sadness,
stricken 0 0 1 Sadness,
destroying 0 0 1 Sadness,
agony 0 0 1 Sadness,
damage 0 0 1 Sadness,
pine 0 0 1 Sadness,
specter 0 0 1 Sadness,
delay 0 0 1 Sadness,
disturbed 0 0 1 Sadness,
morbid 0 0 1 Sadness,
aching 0 0 1 Sadness,
reject 0 0 1 Sadness,
disappoint 0 0 1 Sadness,
peril 0 0 1 Sadness,
deplore 0 0 1 Sadness,
sin 0 0 1 Sadness,
deteriorate 0 0 1 Sadness,
badly 0 0 1 Sadness,
despondency 0 1 0 Sadness,
uneager 0 1 0 Sadness,
halter 0 0 1 Sadness,
cremation 0 0 1 Sadness,
disgraced 0 0 1 Sadness,
insecure 0 0 1 Sadness,
dwarfed 0 0 1 Sadness,
leukemia 0 0 1 Sadness,
despondent 0 1 0 Sadness,
misunderstanding 0 0 1 Sadness,
idiocy 0 0 1 Sadness,
discomfort 0 0 1 Sadness,
disable 0 0 1 Sadness,
lax 0 0 1 Sadness,
mad 0 0 1 Sadness,
warfare 0 0 1 Sadness,
hatred 0 0 1 Sadness,
bleak 0 0 1 Sadness,
malevolent 0 0 1 Sadness,
disheartening 0 0 1 Sadness,
criticize 0 0 1 Sadness,
austere 0 0 1 Sadness,
deluge 0 0 1 Sadness,
scourge 0 0 1 Sadness,
departure 0 0 1 Sadness,
blunder 0 0 1 Sadness,
deserted 0 0 1 Sadness,
savor 0 0 1 Sadness,
darkened 0 0 1 Sadness,
assailant 0 0 1 Sadness,
jail 0 1 1 Sadness,
ultimate 0 0 1 Sadness,
deceive 0 0 1 Sadness,
comatose 0 0 1 Sadness,
heavyhearted 0 1 0 Sadness,
atrocity 0 0 1 Sadness,
nonsensical 0 0 1 Sadness,
vanished 0 0 1 Sadness,
lynch 0 0 1 Sadness,
restriction 0 0 1 Sadness,
sonnet 0 0 1 Sadness,
perishing 0 0 1 Sadness,
surrendering 0 0 1 Sadness,
longing 0 0 1 Sadness,
wound 0 0 1 Sadness,
forfeit 0 0 1 Sadness,
unacceptable 0 0 1 Sadness,
setback 0 0 1 Sadness,
vainly 0 0 1 Sadness,
disabled 0 1 1 Sadness,
abduction 0 0 1 Sadness,
spank 0 0 1 Sadness,
bigoted 0 0 1 Sadness,
tyrant 0 0 1 Sadness,
outcast 0 0 1 Sadness,
hell 0 0 1 Sadness,
strangle 0 0 1 Sadness,
contaminated 0 0 1 Sadness,
unlucky 0 1 1 Sadness,
disconnect 0 0 1 Sadness,
exclusion 0 0 1 Sadness,
emaciated 0 0 1 Sadness,
decay 0 0 1 Sadness,
treachery 0 0 1 Sadness,
theocratic 0 0 1 Sadness,
pious 0 0 1 Sadness,
destroyed 0 0 1 Sadness,
tramp 0 0 1 Sadness,
absence 0 0 1 Sadness,
unhealthy 0 0 1 Sadness,
sickening 0 0 1 Sadness,
dreadfully 0 0 1 Sadness,
ghetto 0 0 1 Sadness,
priesthood 0 0 1 Sadness,
inefficiency 0 0 1 Sadness,
resisting 0 0 1 Sadness,
hurting 0 0 1 Sadness,
lonely 0 0 1 Sadness,
crash 0 0 1 Sadness,
disrespectful 0 0 1 Sadness,
unemployed 0 0 1 Sadness,
atherosclerosis 0 0 1 Sadness,
hunter 0 0 1 Sadness,
intimidation 0 1 0 Sadness,
commemorate 0 0 1 Sadness,
ugliness 0 0 1 Sadness,
bang 0 0 1 Sadness,
cutting 0 0 1 Sadness,
manslaughter 0 0 1 Sadness,
bothering 0 0 1 Sadness,
belittle 0 0 1 Sadness,
dissatisfaction 0 1 0 Sadness,
cage 0 0 1 Sadness,
complain 0 1 1 Sadness,
cynical 0 1 0 Sadness,
outburst 0 0 1 Sadness,
gloom 0 1 1 Sadness,
frayed 0 0 1 Sadness,
banished 0 0 1 Sadness,
gallows 0 0 1 Sadness,
opera 0 0 1 Sadness,
immoral 0 0 1 Sadness,
nauseous 0 0 1 Sadness,
slavery 0 0 1 Sadness,
weary 0 0 1 Sadness,
dumps 0 0 1 Sadness,
ashes 0 0 1 Sadness,
dysphoric 0 1 0 Sadness,
debacle 0 0 1 Sadness,
deteriorated 0 0 1 Sadness,
displaced 0 0 1 Sadness,
drugged 0 0 1 Sadness,
monsoon 0 0 1 Sadness,
widower 0 0 1 Sadness,
timid 0 0 1 Sadness,
noncompliance 0 0 1 Sadness,
uncaring 0 0 1 Sadness,
burial 0 0 1 Sadness,
obliterate 0 0 1 Sadness,
weight 0 1 1 Sadness,
strip 0 0 1 Sadness,
downheartedness 0 1 0 Sadness,
waffle 0 0 1 Sadness,
stillness 0 0 1 Sadness,
attenuation 0 0 1 Sadness,
irreconcilable 0 0 1 Sadness,
inflict 0 0 1 Sadness,
irritation 0 0 1 Sadness,
sarcasm 0 0 1 Sadness,
slave 0 0 1 Sadness,
blues 0 1 1 Sadness,
fuss 0 0 1 Sadness,
cynicism 0 1 0 Sadness,
depress 0 1 1 Sadness,
misfortune 0 0 1 Sadness,
uninvited 0 0 1 Sadness,
evanescence 0 0 1 Sadness,
fraught 0 0 1 Sadness,
terrorist 0 0 1 Sadness,
dismissal 0 0 1 Sadness,
unlawful 0 0 1 Sadness,
chaos 0 0 1 Sadness,
thirst 0 0 1 Sadness,
forsake 0 0 1 Sadness,
upset 0 0 1 Sadness,
remiss 0 0 1 Sadness,
remorse 0 0 1 Sadness,
insolvent 0 0 1 Sadness,
ruinous 0 0 1 Sadness,
intervention 0 0 1 Sadness,
sluggish 0 0 1 Sadness,
burke 0 0 1 Sadness,
demoralization 0 1 0 Sadness,
soulless 0 0 1 Sadness,
perish 0 0 1 Sadness,
pathetic 0 0 1 Sadness,
carcass 0 0 1 Sadness,
sacrifices 0 0 1 Sadness,
sinful 0 0 1 Sadness,
discontinuity 0 0 1 Sadness,
unsatisfactory 0 1 0 Sadness,
fugitive 0 0 1 Sadness,
mourning 0 0 1 Sadness,
paucity 0 0 1 Sadness,
difficulty 0 0 1 Sadness,
furrow 0 0 1 Sadness,
evil 0 0 1 Sadness,
dire 0 0 1 Sadness,
shun 0 0 1 Sadness,
embarrass 0 0 1 Sadness,
obliteration 0 0 1 Sadness,
hapless 0 1 0 Sadness,
reproach 0 0 1 Sadness,
speculation 0 0 1 Sadness,
rot 0 0 1 Sadness,
poisoned 0 0 1 Sadness,
unfulfilled 0 0 1 Sadness,
wrecked 0 0 1 Sadness,
steal 0 0 1 Sadness,
deprivation 0 0 1 Sadness,
pandemic 0 0 1 Sadness,
honest 0 0 1 Sadness,
uninteresting 0 0 1 Sadness,
terribly 0 0 1 Sadness,
labored 0 0 1 Sadness,
abuse 0 0 1 Sadness,
hopeless 0 0 1 Sadness,
murky 0 0 1 Sadness,
neglected 0 0 1 Sadness,
corrupting 0 0 1 Sadness,
sorrowful 0 1 1 Sadness,
hearse 0 0 1 Sadness,
uninspired 0 0 1 Sadness,
blind 0 1 0 Sadness,
dissatisfy 0 1 0 Sadness,
tomb 0 0 1 Sadness,
lone 0 0 1 Sadness,
disfigured 0 0 1 Sadness,
disembodied 0 0 1 Sadness,
hamstring 0 0 1 Sadness,
sympathy 0 0 1 Sadness,
listless 0 0 1 Sadness,
bitch 0 0 1 Sadness,
lagging 0 0 1 Sadness,
affliction 0 0 1 Sadness,
vote 0 0 1 Sadness,
impossible 0 0 1 Sadness,
unattainable 0 0 1 Sadness,
miss 0 1 0 Sadness,
pauper 0 0 1 Sadness,
endemic 0 0 1 Sadness,
miserably 0 0 1 Sadness,
moan 0 0 1 Sadness,
unexplained 0 0 1 Sadness,
sadly 0 0 1 Sadness,
humiliation 0 0 1 Sadness,
unfavorable 0 0 1 Sadness,
rejects 0 0 1 Sadness,
inexcusable 0 0 1 Sadness,
divorce 0 0 1 Sadness,
concussion 0 0 1 Sadness,
lesbian 0 0 1 Sadness,
doomsday 0 0 1 Sadness,
punishing 0 0 1 Sadness,
shiver 0 0 1 Sadness,
stifled 0 0 1 Sadness,
foreclose 0 0 1 Sadness,
inconvenient 0 0 1 Sadness,
unpublished 0 0 1 Sadness,
duress 0 0 1 Sadness,
bloodshed 0 0 1 Sadness,
parting 0 0 1 Sadness,
pare 0 0 1 Sadness,
murder 0 0 1 Sadness,
collapse 0 0 1 Sadness,
chagrin 0 0 1 Sadness,
punish 0 1 0 Sadness,
doomed 0 1 1 Sadness,
hurtful 0 0 1 Sadness,
dreary 0 0 1 Sadness,
negro 0 0 1 Sadness,
procession 0 0 1 Sadness,
depressing 0 1 1 Sadness,
unseat 0 0 1 Sadness,
penitential 0 1 0 Sadness,
thresh 0 0 1 Sadness,
boredom 0 0 1 Sadness,
palsy 0 0 1 Sadness,
blindly 0 0 1 Sadness,
diminish 0 0 1 Sadness,
morbidity 0 0 1 Sadness,
repress 0 0 1 Sadness,
carnage 0 0 1 Sadness,
spoiler 0 0 1 Sadness,
anxiety 0 0 1 Sadness,
affront 0 0 1 Sadness,
lament 0 0 1 Sadness,
depressed 0 0 1 Sadness,
isolation 0 0 1 Sadness,
coward 0 0 1 Sadness,
older 0 0 1 Sadness,
bitterness 0 0 1 Sadness,
ungodly 0 0 1 Sadness,
annihilation 0 0 1 Sadness,
calamity 0 1 1 Sadness,
stall 0 1 0 Sadness,
guilt 0 1 1 Sadness,
painful 0 0 1 Sadness,
arraignment 0 0 1 Sadness,
dysphoria 0 1 0 Sadness,
feeling 0 0 1 Sadness,
subjugation 0 0 1 Sadness,
executioner 0 0 1 Sadness,
heavyheartedness 0 1 0 Sadness,
humble 0 1 1 Sadness,
unrest 0 0 1 Sadness,
beggar 0 0 1 Sadness,
suffocating 0 0 1 Sadness,
pessimism 0 0 1 Sadness,
severance 0 0 1 Sadness,
prostitution 0 0 1 Sadness,
interrupted 0 0 1 Sadness,
horrors 0 0 1 Sadness,
perplexity 0 0 1 Sadness,
pessimist 0 0 1 Sadness,
shell 0 0 1 Sadness,
torment 0 0 1 Sadness,
buried 0 0 1 Sadness,
stigma 0 0 1 Sadness,
cumbersome 0 0 1 Sadness,
dementia 0 0 1 Sadness,
wearily 0 0 1 Sadness,
surgery 0 0 1 Sadness,
inefficient 0 0 1 Sadness,
lie 0 0 1 Sadness,
bastard 0 0 1 Sadness,
kidnap 0 0 1 Sadness,
adrift 0 0 1 Sadness,
groan 0 0 1 Sadness,
evasion 0 0 1 Sadness,
laden 0 1 0 Sadness,
tarnish 0 0 1 Sadness,
isolate 0 0 1 Sadness,
isolated 0 0 1 Sadness,
couch 0 0 1 Sadness,
terrific 0 0 1 Sadness,
wretch 0 0 1 Sadness,
aggravating 0 0 1 Sadness,
battled 0 0 1 Sadness,
willful 0 0 1 Sadness,
worsening 0 0 1 Sadness,
forced 0 1 0 Sadness,
imprudent 0 0 1 Sadness,
whine 0 0 1 Sadness,
hymn 0 0 1 Sadness,
adieu 0 1 0 Sadness,
pain 0 0 1 Sadness,
deterioration 0 0 1 Sadness,
oppressive 0 1 1 Sadness,
infliction 0 0 1 Sadness,
detainee 0 0 1 Sadness,
betrayal 0 0 1 Sadness,
undesired 0 0 1 Sadness,
insanity 0 0 1 Sadness,
harmful 0 0 1 Sadness,
plunder 0 0 1 Sadness,
carcinoma 0 0 1 Sadness,
demise 0 0 1 Sadness,
prisoner 0 0 1 Sadness,
rheumatism 0 0 1 Sadness,
autopsy 0 0 1 Sadness,
regretful 0 1 0 Sadness,
grave 0 0 1 Sadness,
hut 0 0 1 Sadness,
discourage 0 0 1 Sadness,
unequal 0 0 1 Sadness,
insulting 0 0 1 Sadness,
incase 0 0 1 Sadness,
touchy 0 0 1 Sadness,
bugaboo 0 0 1 Sadness,
devastating 0 0 1 Sadness,
hydrocephalus 0 0 1 Sadness,
disease 0 0 1 Sadness,
faithless 0 0 1 Sadness,
napkin 0 0 1 Sadness,
penitent 0 1 0 Sadness,
demoralized 0 1 1 Sadness,
contrite 0 1 0 Sadness,
dolor 0 1 1 Sadness,
barren 0 0 1 Sadness,
sinner 0 0 1 Sadness,
flog 0 0 1 Sadness,
attacking 0 0 1 Sadness,
uninterested 0 0 1 Sadness,
discontent 0 1 1 Sadness,
reprisal 0 0 1 Sadness,
bomb 0 0 1 Sadness,
overpriced 0 0 1 Sadness,
exterminate 0 0 1 Sadness,
violation 0 0 1 Sadness,
perversion 0 0 1 Sadness,
wince 0 0 1 Sadness,
terminate 0 0 1 Sadness,
precarious 0 0 1 Sadness,
halting 0 0 1 Sadness,
tearful 0 0 1 Sadness,
traitor 0 0 1 Sadness,
poison 0 0 1 Sadness,
ulcer 0 0 1 Sadness,
blindness 0 0 1 Sadness,
lethal 0 0 1 Sadness,
scarce 0 0 1 Sadness,
overwhelmed 0 0 1 Sadness,
deportation 0 0 1 Sadness,
communism 0 0 1 Sadness,
urn 0 0 1 Sadness,
painfully 0 0 1 Sadness,
hoary 0 0 1 Sadness,
ruin 0 0 1 Sadness,
undying 0 0 1 Sadness,
varicella 0 0 1 Sadness,
mug 0 0 1 Sadness,
cripple 0 1 1 Sadness,
penalty 0 0 1 Sadness,
blighted 0 0 1 Sadness,
unable 0 0 1 Sadness,
black 0 0 1 Sadness,
betray 0 0 1 Sadness,
disgust 0 0 1 Sadness,
oppressor 0 0 1 Sadness,
flinch 0 0 1 Sadness,
alcoholism 0 0 1 Sadness,
inferior 0 0 1 Sadness,
pitfall 0 0 1 Sadness,
prosecute 0 0 1 Sadness,
vendetta 0 0 1 Sadness,
devastate 0 0 1 Sadness,
delirious 0 0 1 Sadness,
crumbling 0 0 1 Sadness,
cholera 0 0 1 Sadness,
massacre 0 0 1 Sadness,
traumatic 0 0 1 Sadness,
mortuary 0 0 1 Sadness,
unfair 0 0 1 Sadness,
frowning 0 0 1 Sadness,
consecration 0 0 1 Sadness,
malaise 0 0 1 Sadness,
haunted 0 0 1 Sadness,
theft 0 0 1 Sadness,
woeful 0 0 1 Sadness,
rejection 0 0 1 Sadness,
nasty 0 0 1 Sadness,
defenseless 0 0 1 Sadness,
unimportant 0 0 1 Sadness,
endless 0 0 1 Sadness,
closure 0 0 1 Sadness,
gray 0 0 1 Sadness,
dishearten 0 1 0 Sadness,
sickly 0 0 1 Sadness,
tremor 0 0 1 Sadness,
cry 0 1 1 Sadness,
dejected 0 1 0 Sadness,
collusion 0 0 1 Sadness,
remove 0 0 1 Sadness,
worried 0 0 1 Sadness,
illegitimate 0 0 1 Sadness,
soreness 0 0 1 Sadness,
bad 0 0 1 Sadness,
nefarious 0 0 1 Sadness,
feudalism 0 0 1 Sadness,
retirement 0 0 1 Sadness,
distant 0 1 0 Sadness,
crucifixion 0 0 1 Sadness,
disparage 0 0 1 Sadness,
cringe 0 0 1 Sadness,
worrying 0 0 1 Sadness,
widow 0 0 1 Sadness,
perpetrator 0 0 1 Sadness,
penance 0 0 1 Sadness,
art 0 0 1 Sadness,
disaster 0 0 1 Sadness,
disapproving 0 0 1 Sadness,
expel 0 0 1 Sadness,
liquor 0 0 1 Sadness,
orphan 0 0 1 Sadness,
beg 0 0 1 Sadness,
famine 0 0 1 Sadness,
taint 0 0 1 Sadness,
schizophrenia 0 0 1 Sadness,
damnation 0 0 1 Sadness,
miserable 0 1 1 Sadness,
depressive 0 0 1 Sadness,
resigned 0 0 1 Sadness,
incurable 0 0 1 Sadness,
underpaid 0 0 1 Sadness,
exorcism 0 0 1 Sadness,
dysentery 0 0 1 Sadness,
tyranny 0 0 1 Sadness,
sorely 0 0 1 Sadness,
horrid 0 0 1 Sadness,
inappropriate 0 0 1 Sadness,
forlorn 0 1 1 Sadness,
wail 0 0 1 Sadness,
cheerlessness 0 1 0 Sadness,
mutilation 0 0 1 Sadness,
bier 0 0 1 Sadness,
dismemberment 0 0 1 Sadness,
sordid 0 0 1 Sadness,
degrading 0 0 1 Sadness,
difficulties 0 0 1 Sadness,
unwell 0 0 1 Sadness,
endocarditis 0 0 1 Sadness,
woe 0 1 1 Sadness,
distraught 0 0 1 Sadness,
sabotage 0 0 1 Sadness,
disgruntled 0 0 1 Sadness,
nutritious 0 0 1 Sadness,
derogatory 0 0 1 Sadness,
hardship 0 0 1 Sadness,
resignation 0 1 1 Sadness,
missing 0 0 1 Sadness,
sorrow 0 1 1 Sadness,
oppress 0 0 1 Sadness,
probation 0 0 1 Sadness,
pained 0 0 1 Sadness,
sadden 0 1 0 Sadness,
killing 0 0 1 Sadness,
stripped 0 0 1 Sadness,
embarrassment 0 0 1 Sadness,
disturbance 0 0 1 Sadness,
fatality 0 0 1 Sadness,
disservice 0 0 1 Sadness,
coma 0 0 1 Sadness,
debt 0 0 1 Sadness,
lawsuit 0 0 1 Sadness,
absentee 0 0 1 Sadness,
hobo 0 0 1 Sadness,
pity 0 0 1 Sadness,
oust 0 0 1 Sadness,
defunct 0 0 1 Sadness,
accident 0 0 1 Sadness,
syncope 0 0 1 Sadness,
fault 0 0 1 Sadness,
ill 0 0 1 Sadness,
antisocial 0 0 1 Sadness,
quiet 0 0 1 Sadness,
misrepresentation 0 0 1 Sadness,
tax 0 0 1 Sadness,
disappointment 0 0 1 Sadness,
memorials 0 0 1 Sadness,
forgotten 0 0 1 Sadness,
delirium 0 0 1 Sadness,
torture 0 0 1 Sadness,
progression 0 0 1 Sadness,
evict 0 0 1 Sadness,
mausoleum 0 0 1 Sadness,
stretcher 0 0 1 Sadness,
tough 0 0 1 Sadness,
distress 0 0 1 Sadness,
cancer 0 0 1 Sadness,
abortive 0 0 1 Sadness,
senseless 0 0 1 Sadness,
humility 0 1 0 Sadness,
epidemic 0 0 1 Sadness,
hollow 0 0 1 Sadness,
miscarriage 0 0 1 Sadness,
incest 0 0 1 Sadness,
eviction 0 0 1 Sadness,
wither 0 0 1 Sadness,
lowly 0 0 1 Sadness,
sing 0 0 1 Sadness,
cancel 0 0 1 Sadness,
discolored 0 0 1 Sadness,
arsenic 0 0 1 Sadness,
mortification 0 0 1 Sadness,
accursed 0 0 1 Sadness,
unhappiness 0 0 1 Sadness,
late 0 0 1 Sadness,
tumour 0 0 1 Sadness,
devil 0 0 1 Sadness,
downtrodden 0 1 0 Sadness,
trickery 0 0 1 Sadness,
discrimination 0 0 1 Sadness,
geriatric 0 0 1 Sadness,
tragedy 0 1 1 Sadness,
fury 0 0 1 Sadness,
hellish 0 0 1 Sadness,
treat 0 0 1 Sadness,
inadequate 0 1 1 Sadness,
lovely 0 0 1 Sadness,
sisterhood 0 0 1 Sadness,
incompetent 0 0 1 Sadness,
exhaustion 0 0 1 Sadness,
lockup 0 0 1 Sadness,
melancholic 0 0 1 Sadness,
sweetheart 0 0 1 Sadness,
untitled 0 0 1 Sadness,
derogation 0 0 1 Sadness,
dolefulness 0 1 0 Sadness,
ineptitude 0 0 1 Sadness,
wretched 0 0 1 Sadness,
bereavement 0 0 1 Sadness,
mocking 0 0 1 Sadness,
confinement 0 0 1 Sadness,
hateful 0 0 1 Sadness,
hindering 0 0 1 Sadness,
frailty 0 0 1 Sadness,
abject 0 1 0 Sadness,
deport 0 0 1 Sadness,
regretted 0 0 1 Sadness,
rupture 0 0 1 Sadness,
captivity 0 0 1 Sadness,
banish 0 0 1 Sadness,
case 0 0 1 Sadness,
unpopular 0 0 1 Sadness,
inhibit 0 0 1 Sadness,
terrible 0 0 1 Sadness,
wallow 0 0 1 Sadness,
abandoned 0 0 1 Sadness,
vulgarity 0 0 1 Sadness,
sanctify 0 0 1 Sadness,
fearful 0 0 1 Sadness,
leave 0 0 1 Sadness,
socialist 0 0 1 Sadness,
cupping 0 0 1 Sadness,
tolerate 0 0 1 Sadness,
holocaust 0 0 1 Sadness,
ail 0 0 1 Sadness,
defeatism 0 1 0 Sadness,
leprosy 0 0 1 Sadness,
error 0 0 1 Sadness,
thrash 0 0 1 Sadness,
landslide 0 0 1 Sadness,
mangle 0 0 1 Sadness,
suicidal 0 0 1 Sadness,
mistake 0 0 1 Sadness,
secluded 0 0 1 Sadness,
vulnerability 0 0 1 Sadness,
violently 0 0 1 Sadness,
delusion 0 0 1 Sadness,
demon 0 0 1 Sadness,
disapprove 0 0 1 Sadness,
defeated 0 1 1 Sadness,
tease 0 0 1 Sadness,
disappointing 0 0 1 Sadness,
shame 0 0 1 Sadness,
obstacle 0 0 1 Sadness,
adultery 0 0 1 Sadness,
euthanasia 0 0 1 Sadness,
exile 0 0 1 Sadness,
grievous 0 1 1 Sadness,
obnoxious 0 0 1 Sadness,
anguish 0 0 1 Sadness,
meltdown 0 0 1 Sadness,
worry 0 0 1 Sadness,
world-weariness 0 1 0 Sadness,
abscess 0 0 1 Sadness,
sap 0 0 1 Sadness,
descent 0 0 1 Sadness,
noose 0 0 1 Sadness,
dishonor 0 0 1 Sadness,
cross 0 0 1 Sadness,
injurious 0 0 1 Sadness,
romance 0 0 1 Sadness,
adverse 0 0 1 Sadness,
shackle 0 0 1 Sadness,
damages 0 0 1 Sadness,
unfortunate 0 1 1 Sadness,
blight 0 0 1 Sadness,
terrorism 0 0 1 Sadness,
conflict 0 0 1 Sadness,
hermit 0 0 1 Sadness,
injured 0 1 1 Sadness,
decomposed 0 0 1 Sadness,
displeased 0 0 1 Sadness,
fatty 0 0 1 Sadness,
sickness 0 0 1 Sadness,
shatter 0 0 1 Sadness,
defy 0 0 1 Sadness,
defeat 0 1 0 Sadness,
deformity 0 0 1 Sadness,
incarceration 0 0 1 Sadness,
deflate 0 0 1 Sadness,
forfeiture 0 0 1 Sadness,
frustrating 0 1 0 Sadness,
demoralizing 0 1 0 Sadness,
rabid 0 0 1 Sadness,
necessity 0 0 1 Sadness,
upheaval 0 0 1 Sadness,
weep 0 0 1 Sadness,
obit 0 0 1 Sadness,
haggard 0 0 1 Sadness,
relapse 0 0 1 Sadness,
fasting 0 0 1 Sadness,
lethargy 0 0 1 Sadness,
weakly 0 0 1 Sadness,
wane 0 0 1 Sadness,
undertaker 0 0 1 Sadness,
infertility 0 0 1 Sadness,
bondage 0 0 1 Sadness,
failing 0 0 1 Sadness,
diseased 0 0 1 Sadness,
insurgent 0 1 0 Sadness,
lamenting 0 0 1 Sadness,
regretting 0 0 1 Sadness,
insurmountable 0 0 1 Sadness,
coldness 0 0 1 Sadness,
veal 0 0 1 Sadness,
withdraw 0 0 1 Sadness,
dashed 0 0 1 Sadness,
inability 0 0 1 Sadness,
termination 0 0 1 Sadness,
grumpy 0 0 1 Sadness,
musical 0 0 1 Sadness,
howl 0 0 1 Sadness,
shameful 0 0 1 Sadness,
grievance 0 0 1 Sadness,
unpaid 0 0 1 Sadness,
departed 0 0 1 Sadness,
sentence 0 0 1 Sadness,
weeds 0 0 1 Sadness,
forsaken 0 0 1 Sadness,
sequestration 0 0 1 Sadness,
segregate 0 0 1 Sadness,
confined 0 0 1 Sadness,
glum 0 0 1 Sadness,
kill 0 1 1 Sadness,
repent 0 1 0 Sadness,
victim 0 0 1 Sadness,
plight 0 0 1 Sadness,
perilous 0 0 1 Sadness,
smite 0 0 1 Sadness,
death 0 0 1 Sadness,
console 0 0 1 Sadness,
grounded 0 0 1 Sadness,
mother 0 0 1 Sadness,
lunacy 0 0 1 Sadness,
decayed 0 0 1 Sadness,
assassination 0 0 1 Sadness,
cemetery 0 0 1 Sadness,
incrimination 0 0 1 Sadness,
witchcraft 0 0 1 Sadness,
unacknowledged 0 0 1 Sadness,
disparity 0 0 1 Sadness,
sterile 0 0 1 Sadness,
crying 0 0 1 Sadness,
prison 0 0 1 Sadness,
unpleasant 0 0 1 Sadness,
morgue 0 0 1 Sadness,
mournful 0 1 1 Sadness,
wimpy 0 0 1 Sadness,
clouded 0 0 1 Sadness,
plaintiveness 0 1 0 Sadness,
committal 0 0 1 Sadness,
wreck 0 0 1 Sadness,
frown 0 0 1 Sadness,
emergency 0 0 1 Sadness,
taunt 0 0 1 Sadness,
condemnation 0 0 1 Sadness,
disagreement 0 0 1 Sadness,
crushed 0 0 1 Sadness,
terrorize 0 0 1 Sadness,
dark 0 0 1 Sadness,
suffering 0 0 1 Sadness,
entangled 0 0 1 Sadness,
uncheerfulness 0 1 0 Sadness,
wanting 0 0 1 Sadness,
atrophy 0 0 1 Sadness,
oppression 0 1 1 Sadness,
execution 0 0 1 Sadness,
disappointed 0 0 1 Sadness,
grim 0 0 1 Sadness,
rumor 0 0 1 Sadness,
moody 0 0 1 Sadness,
loss 0 0 1 Sadness,
daemon 0 0 1 Sadness,
blemish 0 0 1 Sadness,
imprisoned 0 0 1 Sadness,
excluding 0 0 1 Sadness,
harass 0 1 0 Sadness,
unrequited 0 0 1 Sadness,
malignancy 0 0 1 Sadness,
dishonest 0 0 1 Sadness,
stillborn 0 0 1 Sadness,
banshee 0 0 1 Sadness,
wrongful 0 0 1 Sadness,
indict 0 1 0 Sadness,
snort 0 0 1 Sadness,
robbery 0 0 1 Sadness,
lose 0 0 1 Sadness,
inter 0 0 1 Sadness,
sympathize 0 0 1 Sadness,
kennel 0 0 1 Sadness,
adversity 0 0 1 Sadness,
fruitless 0 0 1 Sadness,
afflict 0 0 1 Sadness,
neuralgia 0 0 1 Sadness,
imprisonment 0 0 1 Sadness,
molestation 0 0 1 Sadness,
dole 0 0 1 Sadness,
subsidence 0 0 1 Sadness,
captive 0 0 1 Sadness,
sedition 0 0 1 Sadness,
oddity 0 0 1 Sadness,
interment 0 0 1 Sadness,
spinster 0 0 1 Sadness,
hemorrhage 0 0 1 Sadness,
extinct 0 0 1 Sadness,
indigent 0 0 1 Sadness,
heartache 0 0 1 Sadness,
explode 0 0 1 Sadness,
helplessness 0 1 1 Sadness,
slaughtering 0 0 1 Sadness,
jurisprudence 0 0 1 Sadness,
bottom 0 0 1 Sadness,
dilapidated 0 0 1 Sadness,
corpse 0 0 1 Sadness,
inhuman 0 0 1 Sadness,
neurosis 0 0 1 Sadness,
flounder 0 0 1 Sadness,
disheartened 0 0 1 Sadness,
inequality 0 0 1 Sadness,
decomposition 0 0 1 Sadness,
runaway 0 0 1 Sadness,
denied 0 0 1 Sadness,
intolerant 0 0 1 Sadness,
convict 0 1 1 Sadness,
beating 0 0 1 Sadness,
sepsis 0 0 1 Sadness,
invade 0 0 1 Sadness,
apathetic 0 0 1 Sadness,
inimical 0 0 1 Sadness,
sympathetic 0 0 1 Sadness,
murderer 0 0 1 Sadness,
requiem 0 0 1 Sadness,
slur 0 0 1 Sadness,
shortage 0 0 1 Sadness,
worthless 0 0 1 Sadness,
slaughter 0 1 1 Sadness,
refused 0 0 1 Sadness,
disparaging 0 0 1 Sadness,
broken 0 0 1 Sadness,
expire 0 0 1 Sadness,
chargeable 0 0 1 Sadness,
losing 0 0 1 Sadness,
cardiomyopathy 0 0 1 Sadness,
frustrate 0 0 1 Sadness,
bury 0 1 1 Sadness,
tripping 0 0 1 Sadness,
dead 0 1 0 Sadness,
retribution 0 0 1 Sadness,
inconsiderate 0 0 1 Sadness,
starvation 0 0 1 Sadness,
discontented 0 1 0 Sadness,
opium 0 0 1 Sadness,
constraint 0 0 1 Sadness,
conceal 0 0 1 Sadness,
anchorage 0 0 1 Sadness,
inhumanity 0 0 1 Sadness,
injure 0 0 1 Sadness,
ovation 0 0 1 Sadness,
dependence 0 0 1 Sadness,
somber 0 0 1 Sadness,
sprain 0 0 1 Sadness,
frightful 0 0 1 Sadness,
lifeless 0 0 1 Sadness,
demonic 0 0 1 Sadness,
despair 0 0 1 Sadness,
militia 0 0 1 Sadness,
blackness 0 0 1 Sadness,
illegal 0 0 1 Sadness,
wrinkled 0 0 1 Sadness,
disqualified 0 0 1 Sadness,
assassin 0 0 1 Sadness,
subjected 0 0 1 Sadness,
restrict 0 0 1 Sadness,
adder 0 0 1 Sadness,
sob 0 0 1 Sadness,
encumbrance 0 0 1 Sadness,
wilderness 0 0 1 Sadness,
wasteful 0 0 1 Sadness,
shroud 0 0 1 Sadness,
glooming 0 1 0 Sadness,
negative 0 0 1 Sadness,
cursed 0 0 1 Sadness,
chronic 0 0 1 Sadness,
struggle 0 0 1 Sadness,
inhospitable 0 0 1 Sadness,
esteem 0 0 1 Sadness,
homeless 0 0 1 Sadness,
apologize 0 0 1 Sadness,
hospice 0 0 1 Sadness,
attrition 0 1 0 Sadness,
dispossessed 0 1 1 Sadness,
pointless 0 0 1 Sadness,
wan 0 0 1 Sadness,
bankruptcy 0 0 1 Sadness,
wildfire 0 0 1 Sadness,
infidelity 0 0 1 Sadness,
poaching 0 0 1 Sadness,
sad 0 1 0 Sadness,
backwater 0 0 1 Sadness,
weepiness 0 1 0 Sadness,
terminal 0 0 1 Sadness,
jealousy 0 0 1 Sadness,
brute 0 0 1 Sadness,
disapproval 0 0 1 Sadness,
annulment 0 0 1 Sadness,
resentment 0 0 1 Sadness,
lost 0 0 1 Sadness,
futile 0 0 1 Sadness,
wrongdoing 0 0 1 Sadness,
dislocated 0 0 1 Sadness,
punished 0 0 1 Sadness,
unenthusiastic 0 1 0 Sadness,
bored 0 1 0 Sadness,
disallowed 0 0 1 Sadness,
lowest 0 0 1 Sadness,
servile 0 0 1 Sadness,
litigate 0 0 1 Sadness,
abysmal 0 0 1 Sadness,
gory 0 0 1 Sadness,
slump 0 0 1 Sadness,
thief 0 0 1 Sadness,
failure 0 0 1 Sadness,
plague 0 0 1 Sadness,
gore 0 0 1 Sadness,
bum 0 0 1 Sadness,
elimination 0 0 1 Sadness,
corse 0 0 1 Sadness,
surrender 0 0 1 Sadness,
dull 0 0 1 Sadness,
martyrdom 0 0 1 Sadness,
humiliate 0 0 1 Sadness,
unsuccessful 0 0 1 Sadness,
absent 0 0 1 Sadness,
darken 0 0 1 Sadness,
humbled 0 0 1 Sadness,
default 0 0 1 Sadness,
dangerous 0 1 0 Sadness,
myopia 0 0 1 Sadness,
grieve 0 1 1 Sadness,
trash 0 0 1 Sadness,
psychosis 0 0 1 Sadness,
ruined 0 0 1 Sadness,
retard 0 0 1 Sadness,
cruel 0 0 1 Sadness,
owing 0 0 1 Sadness,
eschew 0 0 1 Sadness,
punitive 0 0 1 Sadness,
problem 0 0 1 Sadness,
horrifying 0 0 1 Sadness,
powerless 0 0 1 Sadness,
sufferer 0 0 1 Sadness,
penal 0 0 1 Sadness,
infectious 0 0 1 Sadness,
flop 0 0 1 Sadness,
disgrace 0 0 1 Sadness,
shack 0 0 1 Sadness,
horrific 0 0 1 Sadness,
dismay 0 0 1 Sadness,
exhausted 0 0 1 Sadness,
frighten 0 0 1 Sadness,
rubble 0 0 1 Sadness,
meaningless 0 0 1 Sadness,
scrapie 0 0 1 Sadness,
discontentment 0 1 0 Sadness,
languishing 0 0 1 Sadness,
despotism 0 0 1 Sadness,
violence 0 0 1 Sadness,
anthrax 0 0 1 Sadness,
pernicious 0 0 1 Sadness,
deadly 0 1 1 Sadness,
casualty 0 0 1 Sadness,
abyss 0 0 1 Sadness,
onerous 0 0 1 Sadness,
sullen 0 0 1 Sadness,
discriminate 0 0 1 Sadness,
pensive 0 0 1 Sadness,
dying 0 0 1 Sadness,
slaughterhouse 0 0 1 Sadness,
crypt 0 0 1 Sadness,
malicious 0 0 1 Sadness,
invalid 0 0 1 Sadness,
tempest 0 0 1 Sadness,
interested 0 0 1 Sadness,
stagnant 0 0 1 Sadness,
sick 0 0 1 Sadness,
income 0 0 1 Sadness,
condolence 0 0 1 Sadness,
confine 0 0 1 Sadness,
shrink 0 0 1 Sadness,
deviation 0 0 1 Sadness,
desecration 0 0 1 Sadness,
wrongly 0 0 1 Sadness,
insolvency 0 0 1 Sadness,
flaccid 0 0 1 Sadness,
handicap 0 0 1 Sadness,
desolation 0 0 1 Sadness,
demonstrative 0 0 1 Sadness,
stint 0 0 1 Sadness,
resign 0 1 1 Sadness,
cruelty 0 0 1 Sadness,
seriousness 0 0 1 Sadness,
fell 0 0 1 Sadness,
stab 0 0 1 Sadness,
unattractive 0 0 1 Sadness,
drab 0 0 1 Sadness,
persecution 0 0 1 Sadness,
animosity 0 0 1 Sadness,
compunction 0 1 0 Sadness,
desert 0 0 1 Sadness,
heartfelt 0 0 1 Sadness,
alienated 0 0 1 Sadness,
infanticide 0 0 1 Sadness,
apathy 0 0 1 Sadness,
disagreeing 0 0 1 Sadness,
dispassionate 0 0 1 Sadness,
gonorrhea 0 0 1 Sadness,
uneducated 0 0 1 Sadness,
overdue 0 0 1 Sadness,
bereaved 0 1 1 Sadness,
banishment 0 0 1 Sadness,
remarkable 0 0 1 Surprise,
dissolution 0 0 1 Surprise,
dynamic 0 0 1 Surprise,
cheerful 0 0 1 Surprise,
rapid 0 0 1 Surprise,
avalanche 0 0 1 Surprise,
shot 0 0 1 Surprise,
rekindle 0 0 1 Surprise,
conjure 0 0 1 Surprise,
polarity 0 0 1 Surprise,
catastrophe 0 0 1 Surprise,
wizard 0 0 1 Surprise,
young 0 0 1 Surprise,
originality 0 0 1 Surprise,
amaze 0 1 1 Surprise,
finally 0 0 1 Surprise,
compensate 0 0 1 Surprise,
smile 0 0 1 Surprise,
divergent 0 0 1 Surprise,
stupefying 0 1 0 Surprise,
murderous 0 0 1 Surprise,
jerk 0 0 1 Surprise,
horror 0 0 1 Surprise,
cadaver 0 0 1 Surprise,
unbeaten 0 0 1 Surprise,
candid 0 0 1 Surprise,
tantalizing 0 0 1 Surprise,
abduction 0 0 1 Surprise,
unsuspecting 0 0 1 Surprise,
blast 0 0 1 Surprise,
bewildered 0 0 1 Surprise,
cable 0 0 1 Surprise,
holiness 0 0 1 Surprise,
celebrity 0 0 1 Surprise,
shock 0 0 1 Surprise,
accidentally 0 0 1 Surprise,
leave 0 0 1 Surprise,
independence 0 0 1 Surprise,
manslaughter 0 0 1 Surprise,
revolution 0 0 1 Surprise,
blitz 0 0 1 Surprise,
procession 0 0 1 Surprise,
mishap 0 0 1 Surprise,
erotic 0 0 1 Surprise,
kidnap 0 0 1 Surprise,
tempest 0 0 1 Surprise,
chuckle 0 0 1 Surprise,
wreck 0 0 1 Surprise,
singularly 0 0 1 Surprise,
liberty 0 0 1 Surprise,
experiment 0 0 1 Surprise,
alertness 0 0 1 Surprise,
explosion 0 0 1 Surprise,
chicane 0 0 1 Surprise,
top-flight 0 1 0 Surprise,
modify 0 0 1 Surprise,
punch 0 0 1 Surprise,
gawk 0 0 1 Surprise,
fluke 0 0 1 Surprise,
deceit 0 0 1 Surprise,
bombshell 0 1 0 Surprise,
shriek 0 0 1 Surprise,
earthquake 0 0 1 Surprise,
celebration 0 0 1 Surprise,
buck 0 0 1 Surprise,
merriment 0 0 1 Surprise,
chant 0 0 1 Surprise,
inspired 0 0 1 Surprise,
larger 0 0 1 Surprise,
screech 0 0 1 Surprise,
somatic 0 0 1 Surprise,
detonate 0 0 1 Surprise,
intrigue 0 0 1 Surprise,
winner 0 0 1 Surprise,
foresee 0 0 1 Surprise,
morals 0 0 1 Surprise,
suddenly 0 0 1 Surprise,
confession 0 0 1 Surprise,
jolt 0 0 1 Surprise,
fearfully 0 0 1 Surprise,
paralyzed 0 0 1 Surprise,
unpredictable 0 0 1 Surprise,
illumination 0 0 1 Surprise,
devastation 0 0 1 Surprise,
enliven 0 0 1 Surprise,
captivate 0 0 1 Surprise,
destination 0 0 1 Surprise,
insult 0 0 1 Surprise,
splash 0 0 1 Surprise,
examination 0 0 1 Surprise,
marry 0 0 1 Surprise,
mysterious 0 0 1 Surprise,
fainting 0 0 1 Surprise,
assessment 0 0 1 Surprise,
dismay 0 0 1 Surprise,
sorcery 0 0 1 Surprise,
award 0 0 1 Surprise,
lunge 0 0 1 Surprise,
disruption 0 0 1 Surprise,
blindfold 0 0 1 Surprise,
shrill 0 0 1 Surprise,
worm 0 0 1 Surprise,
exhilaration 0 0 1 Surprise,
sudden 0 0 1 Surprise,
embrace 0 0 1 Surprise,
laughter 0 0 1 Surprise,
trump 0 0 1 Surprise,
gratify 0 0 1 Surprise,
climax 0 0 1 Surprise,
dolphin 0 0 1 Surprise,
abandonment 0 0 1 Surprise,
rapt 0 0 1 Surprise,
supremacy 0 0 1 Surprise,
chimera 0 0 1 Surprise,
purity 0 0 1 Surprise,
slip 0 0 1 Surprise,
spa 0 0 1 Surprise,
rescue 0 0 1 Surprise,
ceremony 0 0 1 Surprise,
vanish 0 0 1 Surprise,
inheritance 0 0 1 Surprise,
fete 0 0 1 Surprise,
resignation 0 0 1 Surprise,
raffle 0 0 1 Surprise,
slush 0 0 1 Surprise,
praiseworthy 0 0 1 Surprise,
nullify 0 0 1 Surprise,
perjury 0 0 1 Surprise,
birthday 0 0 1 Surprise,
curiosity 0 0 1 Surprise,
gasp 0 0 1 Surprise,
shockingly 0 0 1 Surprise,
elusive 0 0 1 Surprise,
splendid 0 0 1 Surprise,
deluge 0 0 1 Surprise,
revolt 0 0 1 Surprise,
banger 0 0 1 Surprise,
infant 0 0 1 Surprise,
subito 0 0 1 Surprise,
playful 0 0 1 Surprise,
nefarious 0 0 1 Surprise,
pang 0 0 1 Surprise,
strangle 0 0 1 Surprise,
subversive 0 0 1 Surprise,
thrilling 0 0 1 Surprise,
frisky 0 0 1 Surprise,
pray 0 0 1 Surprise,
amazing 0 1 0 Surprise,
labor 0 0 1 Surprise,
heroism 0 0 1 Surprise,
differently 0 0 1 Surprise,
dreadfully 0 0 1 Surprise,
clamor 0 0 1 Surprise,
Bollywood 0 1 0 Surprise,
underestimate 0 0 1 Surprise,
glorify 0 0 1 Surprise,
crash 0 0 1 Surprise,
fiesta 0 0 1 Surprise,
rhythmical 0 0 1 Surprise,
break 0 0 1 Surprise,
bang 0 0 1 Surprise,
kiss 0 0 1 Surprise,
interrupt 0 0 1 Surprise,
mystery 0 1 1 Surprise,
bewilderment 0 0 1 Surprise,
thrill 0 0 1 Surprise,
opera 0 0 1 Surprise,
warned 0 0 1 Surprise,
explode 0 0 1 Surprise,
synchronize 0 0 1 Surprise,
sisterhood 0 0 1 Surprise,
volcano 0 0 1 Surprise,
erratic 0 0 1 Surprise,
luck 0 0 1 Surprise,
improvise 0 0 1 Surprise,
whim 0 0 1 Surprise,
illuminate 0 0 1 Surprise,
gape 0 0 1 Surprise,
weight 0 0 1 Surprise,
ejaculation 0 0 1 Surprise,
expect 0 0 1 Surprise,
dawn 0 0 1 Surprise,
illegitimate 0 0 1 Surprise,
evanescence 0 0 1 Surprise,
infarct 0 0 1 Surprise,
entertainment 0 0 1 Surprise,
dismissal 0 0 1 Surprise,
thirst 0 0 1 Surprise,
sparkle 0 0 1 Surprise,
playground 0 0 1 Surprise,
hilarious 0 0 1 Surprise,
cyclone 0 0 1 Surprise,
surprise 0 1 1 Surprise,
receiving 0 0 1 Surprise,
stun 0 1 0 Surprise,
outburst 0 0 1 Surprise,
revenge 0 0 1 Surprise,
sneak 0 0 1 Surprise,
pleasant 0 0 1 Surprise,
intruder 0 0 1 Surprise,
dire 0 0 1 Surprise,
teach 0 0 1 Surprise,
heroic 0 0 1 Surprise,
jubilant 0 0 1 Surprise,
advance 0 0 1 Surprise,
unfulfilled 0 0 1 Surprise,
unguarded 0 0 1 Surprise,
outcry 0 0 1 Surprise,
scare 0 0 1 Surprise,
urgent 0 0 1 Surprise,
transcendence 0 0 1 Surprise,
pop 0 0 1 Surprise,
unexpected 0 0 1 Surprise,
vote 0 0 1 Surprise,
picnic 0 0 1 Surprise,
prank 0 0 1 Surprise,
guess 0 0 1 Surprise,
deceptive 0 1 0 Surprise,
festival 0 0 1 Surprise,
divorce 0 0 1 Surprise,
dumbfounded 0 1 0 Surprise,
wonderful 0 0 1 Surprise,
saint 0 0 1 Surprise,
bloodshed 0 0 1 Surprise,
murder 0 0 1 Surprise,
burlesque 0 0 1 Surprise,
favorable 0 0 1 Surprise,
stifle 0 1 0 Surprise,
gambler 0 0 1 Surprise,
carnage 0 0 1 Surprise,
affront 0 0 1 Surprise,
aspiration 0 0 1 Surprise,
tree 0 0 1 Surprise,
optimism 0 0 1 Surprise,
rarity 0 0 1 Surprise,
outrageous 0 0 1 Surprise,
uncanny 0 0 1 Surprise,
insolvency 0 0 1 Surprise,
feeling 0 0 1 Surprise,
swerve 0 0 1 Surprise,
camouflaged 0 0 1 Surprise,
angel 0 0 1 Surprise,
slap 0 0 1 Surprise,
randomly 0 0 1 Surprise,
shell 0 0 1 Surprise,
suspense 0 0 1 Surprise,
preservative 0 0 1 Surprise,
perplex 0 1 0 Surprise,
saintly 0 0 1 Surprise,
horde 0 0 1 Surprise,
awed 0 1 0 Surprise,
camouflage 0 0 1 Surprise,
visor 0 0 1 Surprise,
prick 0 0 1 Surprise,
electric 0 0 1 Surprise,
quote 0 0 1 Surprise,
eruption 0 0 1 Surprise,
plunder 0 0 1 Surprise,
immediacy 0 0 1 Surprise,
mouth 0 0 1 Surprise,
awe 0 1 0 Surprise,
medal 0 0 1 Surprise,
reward 0 0 1 Surprise,
surprising 0 1 1 Surprise,
alarm 0 0 1 Surprise,
humanitarian 0 0 1 Surprise,
steady 0 0 1 Surprise,
astonishing 0 1 0 Surprise,
amazed 0 1 0 Surprise,
sun 0 0 1 Surprise,
liberate 0 0 1 Surprise,
attacking 0 0 1 Surprise,
urgency 0 0 1 Surprise,
marvel 0 0 1 Surprise,
bomb 0 0 1 Surprise,
stunned 0 0 1 Surprise,
violation 0 0 1 Surprise,
aghast 0 0 1 Surprise,
feat 0 0 1 Surprise,
enthusiast 0 0 1 Surprise,
latent 0 0 1 Surprise,
scorpion 0 0 1 Surprise,
hopeful 0 0 1 Surprise,
brighten 0 0 1 Surprise,
gulp 0 0 1 Surprise,
liberation 0 0 1 Surprise,
betray 0 0 1 Surprise,
enthusiasm 0 0 1 Surprise,
flinch 0 0 1 Surprise,
hope 0 0 1 Surprise,
pitfall 0 0 1 Surprise,
jackpot 0 0 1 Surprise,
topple 0 0 1 Surprise,
rejoicing 0 0 1 Surprise,
sunny 0 0 1 Surprise,
lucky 0 0 1 Surprise,
leisure 0 0 1 Surprise,
perfection 0 0 1 Surprise,
reversal 0 0 1 Surprise,
treachery 0 0 1 Surprise,
volatility 0 0 1 Surprise,
infrequent 0 0 1 Surprise,
immerse 0 0 1 Surprise,
tumult 0 0 1 Surprise,
joker 0 0 1 Surprise,
erupt 0 0 1 Surprise,
unintentionally 0 0 1 Surprise,
uncover 0 0 1 Surprise,
enchant 0 0 1 Surprise,
rave 0 0 1 Surprise,
art 0 0 1 Surprise,
disaster 0 0 1 Surprise,
excavation 0 0 1 Surprise,
unexpectedly 0 0 1 Surprise,
allure 0 0 1 Surprise,
obliging 0 0 1 Surprise,
hero 0 0 1 Surprise,
changeable 0 0 1 Surprise,
wonder 0 1 0 Surprise,
excitement 0 0 1 Surprise,
puma 0 0 1 Surprise,
spirits 0 0 1 Surprise,
quicksilver 0 0 1 Surprise,
alarming 0 0 1 Surprise,
stealthy 0 0 1 Surprise,
startle 0 0 1 Surprise,
score 0 0 1 Surprise,
sabotage 0 0 1 Surprise,
compliment 0 0 1 Surprise,
explosive 0 0 1 Surprise,
apparition 0 0 1 Surprise,
complement 0 0 1 Surprise,
notion 0 1 0 Surprise,
postponement 0 0 1 Surprise,
embarrassment 0 0 1 Surprise,
incident 0 0 1 Surprise,
disturbance 0 0 1 Surprise,
hypothesis 0 0 1 Surprise,
precious 0 0 1 Surprise,
lawsuit 0 0 1 Surprise,
exclaim 0 0 1 Surprise,
accident 0 0 1 Surprise,
veer 0 0 1 Surprise,
unforeseen 0 0 1 Surprise,
succeed 0 0 1 Surprise,
riddle 0 0 1 Surprise,
distress 0 0 1 Surprise,
freakish 0 0 1 Surprise,
sweet 0 0 1 Surprise,
unintended 0 0 1 Surprise,
inexplicable 0 0 1 Surprise,
coincidence 0 0 1 Surprise,
laugh 0 0 1 Surprise,
monstrosity 0 0 1 Surprise,
frenetic 0 0 1 Surprise,
winning 0 0 1 Surprise,
startling 0 0 1 Surprise,
trickery 0 0 1 Surprise,
treat 0 0 1 Surprise,
mutiny 0 0 1 Surprise,
peaceful 0 0 1 Surprise,
intrusive 0 0 1 Surprise,
lovely 0 0 1 Surprise,
anomaly 0 0 1 Surprise,
shopping 0 0 1 Surprise,
excite 0 0 1 Surprise,
cryptic 0 1 0 Surprise,
catch 0 0 1 Surprise,
rupture 0 0 1 Surprise,
present 0 0 1 Surprise,
uncertain 0 0 1 Surprise,
sanctify 0 0 1 Surprise,
premature 0 0 1 Surprise,
hypertrophy 0 0 1 Surprise,
trick 0 0 1 Surprise,
slam 0 0 1 Surprise,
abrupt 0 0 1 Surprise,
wild 0 0 1 Surprise,
crowning 0 0 1 Surprise,
mystic 0 0 1 Surprise,
surprisingly 0 0 1 Surprise,
hoax 0 0 1 Surprise,
good 0 0 1 Surprise,
frantic 0 0 1 Surprise,
jest 0 0 1 Surprise,
hermaphrodite 0 0 1 Surprise,
riotous 0 0 1 Surprise,
terrorist 0 0 1 Surprise,
spectacular 0 0 1 Surprise,
decoy 0 0 1 Surprise,
romance 0 0 1 Surprise,
sensual 0 0 1 Surprise,
garish 0 0 1 Surprise,
youth 0 0 1 Surprise,
unimaginable 0 0 1 Surprise,
raid 0 0 1 Surprise,
bonus 0 0 1 Surprise,
shatter 0 0 1 Surprise,
defy 0 0 1 Surprise,
proficiency 0 0 1 Surprise,
diversion 0 0 1 Surprise,
astonishingly 0 0 1 Surprise,
palpable 0 0 1 Surprise,
magician 0 0 1 Surprise,
obit 0 0 1 Surprise,
practiced 0 0 1 Surprise,
presto 0 0 1 Surprise,
magical 0 0 1 Surprise,
cheer 0 0 1 Surprise,
organization 0 0 1 Surprise,
raving 0 0 1 Surprise,
musical 0 0 1 Surprise,
howl 0 0 1 Surprise,
coup 0 0 1 Surprise,
unbridled 0 0 1 Surprise,
money 0 0 1 Surprise,
violent 0 0 1 Surprise,
death 0 0 1 Surprise,
syncope 0 0 1 Surprise,
senseless 0 0 1 Surprise,
snag 0 0 1 Surprise,
eager 0 0 1 Surprise,
shout 0 0 1 Surprise,
victimized 0 0 1 Surprise,
astonishment 0 1 1 Surprise,
hap 0 0 1 Surprise,
excited 0 0 1 Surprise,
surprised 0 1 1 Surprise,
emergency 0 0 1 Surprise,
quickness 0 0 1 Surprise,
epidemic 0 0 1 Surprise,
secrecy 0 0 1 Surprise,
stunt 0 1 0 Surprise,
unique 0 0 1 Surprise,
grin 0 0 1 Surprise,
daemon 0 0 1 Surprise,
fortune 0 0 1 Surprise,
inviting 0 0 1 Surprise,
gift 0 0 1 Surprise,
zeal 0 0 1 Surprise,
greeting 0 0 1 Surprise,
miracle 0 0 1 Surprise,
lightning 0 0 1 Surprise,
incendiary 0 0 1 Surprise,
stagger 0 0 1 Surprise,
miraculous 0 0 1 Surprise,
splendor 0 0 1 Surprise,
lose 0 0 1 Surprise,
crescendo 0 0 1 Surprise,
parade 0 0 1 Surprise,
deal 0 0 1 Surprise,
veracity 0 0 1 Surprise,
magnificent 0 0 1 Surprise,
thief 0 0 1 Surprise,
majestic 0 0 1 Surprise,
clown 0 0 1 Surprise,
stealthily 0 0 1 Surprise,
leery 0 0 1 Surprise,
bizarre 0 1 1 Surprise,
incontinence 0 0 1 Surprise,
perchance 0 0 1 Surprise,
excitation 0 0 1 Surprise,
tickle 0 0 1 Surprise,
sally 0 0 1 Surprise,
unstable 0 0 1 Surprise,
judgment 0 0 1 Surprise,
invade 0 0 1 Surprise,
slaughter 0 0 1 Surprise,
newcomer 0 0 1 Surprise,
concealed 0 0 1 Surprise,
memorable 0 0 1 Surprise,
exciting 0 0 1 Surprise,
intense 0 0 1 Surprise,
trophy 0 0 1 Surprise,
placard 0 0 1 Surprise,
simplify 0 0 1 Surprise,
reappear 0 0 1 Surprise,
ordeal 0 0 1 Surprise,
trepidation 0 0 1 Surprise,
graduation 0 0 1 Surprise,
surge 0 0 1 Surprise,
slayer 0 0 1 Surprise,
unintentional 0 0 1 Surprise,
ambush 0 0 1 Surprise,
blessings 0 0 1 Surprise,
cherish 0 0 1 Surprise,
princely 0 0 1 Surprise,
peri 0 0 1 Surprise,
misbehavior 0 0 1 Surprise,
honeymoon 0 0 1 Surprise,
delighted 0 0 1 Surprise,
variable 0 0 1 Surprise,
thwart 0 0 1 Surprise,
frightened 0 0 1 Surprise,
unprecedented 0 0 1 Surprise,
wildfire 0 0 1 Surprise,
jubilee 0 0 1 Surprise,
rejoice 0 0 1 Surprise,
undiscovered 0 0 1 Surprise,
amazingly 0 0 1 Surprise,
overestimate 0 0 1 Surprise,
stealth 0 0 1 Surprise,
stupefaction 0 1 0 Surprise,
glimmer 0 0 1 Surprise,
greatness 0 0 1 Surprise,
wonderfully 0 0 1 Surprise,
mimicry 0 0 1 Surprise,
uncontrollable 0 0 1 Surprise,
invite 0 0 1 Surprise,
wireless 0 0 1 Surprise,
assail 0 0 1 Surprise,
highest 0 0 1 Surprise,
yelp 0 0 1 Surprise,
scrimmage 0 0 1 Surprise,
reflex 0 0 1 Surprise,
prowl 0 0 1 Surprise,
flirt 0 0 1 Surprise,
generosity 0 0 1 Surprise,
fright 0 0 1 Surprise,
oddity 0 0 1 Surprise,
frighten 0 0 1 Surprise,
goodness 0 0 1 Surprise,
curious 0 1 0 Surprise,
trip 0 0 1 Surprise,
cream 0 0 1 Surprise,
nab 0 0 1 Surprise,
fanfare 0 0 1 Surprise,
alerts 0 0 1 Surprise,
excel 0 0 1 Surprise,
accolade 0 0 1 Surprise,
occasional 0 0 1 Surprise,
besot 0 1 0 Surprise,
zany 0 0 1 Surprise,
gambling 0 0 1 Surprise,
vanished 0 0 1 Surprise,
illusion 0 0 1 Surprise,
ecstatic 0 0 1 Surprise,
scream 0 0 1 Surprise,
improvisation 0 0 1 Surprise,
chance 0 0 1 Surprise,
stab 0 0 1 Surprise,
tackle 0 0 1 Surprise,
godsend 0 0 1 Surprise,
sneeze 0 0 1 Surprise,
slaughtering 0 0 1 Surprise,
warn 0 0 1 Surprise,
applause 0 0 1 Surprise,
unanticipated 0 0 1 Surprise,
exigent 0 0 1 Surprise,
recklessness 0 0 1 Surprise,
loyal 0 0 1 Surprise,
treason 0 0 1 Surprise,
accidental 0 0 1 Surprise,
yell 0 0 1 Surprise,
flightiness 0 1 0 Surprise,
overdue 0 0 1 Surprise,
befriend 0 0 1 Trust,
truck 0 0 1 Trust,
doctor 0 0 1 Trust,
referee 0 0 1 Trust,
diplomacy 0 0 1 Trust,
dance 0 0 1 Trust,
consul 0 0 1 Trust,
excellent 0 0 1 Trust,
alb 0 0 1 Trust,
seals 0 0 1 Trust,
sermon 0 0 1 Trust,
thoughtful 0 0 1 Trust,
coach 0 0 1 Trust,
philosopher 0 0 1 Trust,
cooperative 0 0 1 Trust,
primer 0 0 1 Trust,
integrity 0 0 1 Trust,
lace 0 0 1 Trust,
compact 0 0 1 Trust,
gusset 0 0 1 Trust,
depend 0 0 1 Trust,
buddy 0 0 1 Trust,
religion 0 0 1 Trust,
white 0 0 1 Trust,
father 0 0 1 Trust,
tickle 0 0 1 Trust,
culinary 0 0 1 Trust,
finally 0 0 1 Trust,
civilization 0 0 1 Trust,
sceptical 0 0 1 Trust,
regal 0 0 1 Trust,
lord 0 0 1 Trust,
enjoying 0 0 1 Trust,
friendly 0 0 1 Trust,
resources 0 0 1 Trust,
merchant 0 0 1 Trust,
adviser 0 0 1 Trust,
digit 0 0 1 Trust,
confirmation 0 0 1 Trust,
proctor 0 0 1 Trust,
rational 0 0 1 Trust,
confidential 0 0 1 Trust,
physician 0 0 1 Trust,
exalted 0 0 1 Trust,
rod 0 0 1 Trust,
blanket 0 0 1 Trust,
perennial 0 0 1 Trust,
repay 0 0 1 Trust,
congregation 0 0 1 Trust,
candid 0 0 1 Trust,
diary 0 0 1 Trust,
promise 0 0 1 Trust,
advised 0 0 1 Trust,
philanthropic 0 0 1 Trust,
forgiving 0 0 1 Trust,
pious 0 0 1 Trust,
school 0 0 1 Trust,
respectful 0 0 1 Trust,
progression 0 0 1 Trust,
holiness 0 0 1 Trust,
harbor 0 0 1 Trust,
strategist 0 0 1 Trust,
celebrity 0 0 1 Trust,
pith 0 0 1 Trust,
roadster 0 0 1 Trust,
brother 0 0 1 Trust,
levee 0 0 1 Trust,
grandfather 0 0 1 Trust,
gullible 0 0 1 Trust,
admissible 0 0 1 Trust,
nursery 0 0 1 Trust,
excellence 0 0 1 Trust,
delegate 0 0 1 Trust,
team 0 0 1 Trust,
depository 0 0 1 Trust,
indemnity 0 0 1 Trust,
friendliness 0 0 1 Trust,
enjoy 0 0 1 Trust,
sentry 0 0 1 Trust,
legalized 0 0 1 Trust,
pledge 0 0 1 Trust,
periodicity 0 0 1 Trust,
underwrite 0 0 1 Trust,
insolvent 0 0 1 Trust,
scientist 0 0 1 Trust,
budget 0 0 1 Trust,
erotic 0 0 1 Trust,
persuade 0 0 1 Trust,
doubt 0 0 1 Trust,
advocacy 0 0 1 Trust,
reunion 0 0 1 Trust,
poll 0 0 1 Trust,
chuckle 0 0 1 Trust,
obey 0 0 1 Trust,
conscience 0 0 1 Trust,
employ 0 0 1 Trust,
dictionary 0 0 1 Trust,
colonel 0 0 1 Trust,
intimate 0 0 1 Trust,
orchestra 0 0 1 Trust,
liberty 0 0 1 Trust,
tribunal 0 0 1 Trust,
lawful 0 0 1 Trust,
truthful 0 0 1 Trust,
gubernatorial 0 0 1 Trust,
indestructible 0 0 1 Trust,
judicious 0 0 1 Trust,
nurse 0 0 1 Trust,
jurist 0 0 1 Trust,
badge 0 0 1 Trust,
admiral 0 0 1 Trust,
unquestioned 0 0 1 Trust,
collateral 0 0 1 Trust,
hero 0 0 1 Trust,
recruits 0 0 1 Trust,
chicane 0 0 1 Trust,
exchange 0 0 1 Trust,
apologetic 0 0 1 Trust,
inauguration 0 0 1 Trust,
kindred 0 0 1 Trust,
mule 0 0 1 Trust,
conglomerate 0 0 1 Trust,
ranger 0 0 1 Trust,
fairly 0 0 1 Trust,
healing 0 0 1 Trust,
humility 0 0 1 Trust,
sing 0 0 1 Trust,
orthodoxy 0 0 1 Trust,
celebration 0 0 1 Trust,
enroll 0 0 1 Trust,
connoisseur 0 0 1 Trust,
comptroller 0 0 1 Trust,
indivisible 0 0 1 Trust,
approbation 0 0 1 Trust,
brilliant 0 0 1 Trust,
endow 0 0 1 Trust,
inspired 0 0 1 Trust,
compliance 0 0 1 Trust,
guide 0 0 1 Trust,
benevolence 0 0 1 Trust,
cogent 0 0 1 Trust,
saint 0 0 1 Trust,
mentor 0 0 1 Trust,
specialize 0 0 1 Trust,
commendable 0 0 1 Trust,
guidance 0 0 1 Trust,
proxy 0 0 1 Trust,
authorize 0 0 1 Trust,
undying 0 0 1 Trust,
elect 0 0 1 Trust,
toughness 0 0 1 Trust,
morals 0 0 1 Trust,
deputy 0 0 1 Trust,
tribune 0 0 1 Trust,
sanctification 0 0 1 Trust,
manage 0 0 1 Trust,
prefer 0 0 1 Trust,
paragon 0 0 1 Trust,
votive 0 0 1 Trust,
county 0 0 1 Trust,
hardy 0 0 1 Trust,
follower 0 0 1 Trust,
moral 0 0 1 Trust,
lodging 0 0 1 Trust,
illumination 0 0 1 Trust,
establish 0 0 1 Trust,
gateway 0 0 1 Trust,
absolution 0 0 1 Trust,
theory 0 0 1 Trust,
sympathetic 0 0 1 Trust,
confidence 0 0 1 Trust,
khan 0 0 1 Trust,
pawn 0 0 1 Trust,
enliven 0 0 1 Trust,
captivate 0 0 1 Trust,
impartiality 0 0 1 Trust,
vote 0 0 1 Trust,
devotional 0 0 1 Trust,
coalesce 0 0 1 Trust,
mediate 0 0 1 Trust,
compensate 0 0 1 Trust,
bedrock 0 0 1 Trust,
libel 0 0 1 Trust,
butler 0 0 1 Trust,
agreeable 0 0 1 Trust,
exhaustive 0 0 1 Trust,
assessment 0 0 1 Trust,
assessor 0 0 1 Trust,
authorization 0 0 1 Trust,
loving 0 0 1 Trust,
bureaucracy 0 0 1 Trust,
enablement 0 0 1 Trust,
formality 0 0 1 Trust,
successful 0 0 1 Trust,
partake 0 0 1 Trust,
cashier 0 0 1 Trust,
award 0 0 1 Trust,
chocolate 0 0 1 Trust,
warn 0 0 1 Trust,
dealings 0 0 1 Trust,
cautious 0 0 1 Trust,
virtue 0 0 1 Trust,
faultless 0 0 1 Trust,
dermatologist 0 0 1 Trust,
chaplain 0 0 1 Trust,
abundance 0 0 1 Trust,
atone 0 0 1 Trust,
account 0 0 1 Trust,
enlightenment 0 0 1 Trust,
bartender 0 0 1 Trust,
consort 0 0 1 Trust,
cap 0 0 1 Trust,
privy 0 0 1 Trust,
believer 0 0 1 Trust,
flagship 0 0 1 Trust,
zealous 0 0 1 Trust,
cuddle 0 0 1 Trust,
obvious 0 0 1 Trust,
hope 0 0 1 Trust,
praise 0 0 1 Trust,
executor 0 0 1 Trust,
believed 0 0 1 Trust,
akin 0 0 1 Trust,
nurture 0 0 1 Trust,
conformity 0 0 1 Trust,
fortress 0 0 1 Trust,
proof 0 0 1 Trust,
radiance 0 0 1 Trust,
patrol 0 0 1 Trust,
patron 0 0 1 Trust,
virtuous 0 0 1 Trust,
watchdog 0 0 1 Trust,
climax 0 0 1 Trust,
dolphin 0 0 1 Trust,
share 0 0 1 Trust,
rapt 0 0 1 Trust,
bridesmaid 0 0 1 Trust,
guarded 0 0 1 Trust,
fulfillment 0 0 1 Trust,
council 0 0 1 Trust,
spa 0 0 1 Trust,
cultivate 0 0 1 Trust,
steward 0 0 1 Trust,
parietal 0 0 1 Trust,
guarantee 0 0 1 Trust,
lamb 0 0 1 Trust,
purr 0 0 1 Trust,
educational 0 0 1 Trust,
united 0 0 1 Trust,
straightforward 0 0 1 Trust,
serenity 0 0 1 Trust,
guru 0 0 1 Trust,
ordinance 0 0 1 Trust,
comfort 0 0 1 Trust,
disclaim 0 0 1 Trust,
thrift 0 0 1 Trust,
unquestionable 0 0 1 Trust,
machine 0 0 1 Trust,
sib 0 0 1 Trust,
reverie 0 0 1 Trust,
seniority 0 0 1 Trust,
unaccountable 0 0 1 Trust,
exaltation 0 0 1 Trust,
gate 0 0 1 Trust,
husbandry 0 0 1 Trust,
intelligent 0 0 1 Trust,
ensemble 0 0 1 Trust,
recline 0 0 1 Trust,
dominion 0 0 1 Trust,
credential 0 0 1 Trust,
aspiring 0 0 1 Trust,
impartial 0 0 1 Trust,
advice 0 0 1 Trust,
expedient 0 0 1 Trust,
loyalty 0 0 1 Trust,
perceive 0 0 1 Trust,
modest 0 0 1 Trust,
faculty 0 0 1 Trust,
president 0 0 1 Trust,
marrow 0 0 1 Trust,
bursary 0 0 1 Trust,
bloom 0 0 1 Trust,
grow 0 0 1 Trust,
solidarity 0 0 1 Trust,
temperate 0 0 1 Trust,
infallibility 0 0 1 Trust,
coax 0 0 1 Trust,
effective 0 0 1 Trust,
notable 0 0 1 Trust,
author 0 0 1 Trust,
remedy 0 0 1 Trust,
marshal 0 0 1 Trust,
mislead 0 0 1 Trust,
attestation 0 0 1 Trust,
supplication 0 0 1 Trust,
encyclopedia 0 0 1 Trust,
fundamental 0 0 1 Trust,
ambulance 0 0 1 Trust,
sappy 0 0 1 Trust,
truce 0 0 1 Trust,
volunteers 0 0 1 Trust,
warranty 0 0 1 Trust,
perfection 0 0 1 Trust,
determinate 0 0 1 Trust,
justifiable 0 0 1 Trust,
counsellor 0 0 1 Trust,
confederate 0 0 1 Trust,
closeness 0 0 1 Trust,
romantic 0 0 1 Trust,
trade 0 0 1 Trust,
playful 0 0 1 Trust,
radar 0 0 1 Trust,
passion 0 0 1 Trust,
committee 0 0 1 Trust,
committed 0 0 1 Trust,
responsive 0 0 1 Trust,
fidelity 0 0 1 Trust,
cheerfulness 0 0 1 Trust,
perfect 0 0 1 Trust,
police 0 0 1 Trust,
symmetry 0 0 1 Trust,
noble 0 0 1 Trust,
personal 0 0 1 Trust,
theorem 0 0 1 Trust,
durability 0 0 1 Trust,
accredited 0 0 1 Trust,
crew 0 0 1 Trust,
verily 0 0 1 Trust,
heroism 0 0 1 Trust,
unquestionably 0 0 1 Trust,
disclosed 0 0 1 Trust,
caretaker 0 0 1 Trust,
policy 0 0 1 Trust,
admirable 0 0 1 Trust,
priesthood 0 0 1 Trust,
ally 0 0 1 Trust,
harmony 0 0 1 Trust,
glorify 0 0 1 Trust,
top 0 0 1 Trust,
food 0 0 1 Trust,
reassure 0 0 1 Trust,
gauging 0 0 1 Trust,
fiesta 0 0 1 Trust,
nation 0 0 1 Trust,
framework 0 0 1 Trust,
savor 0 0 1 Trust,
qualified 0 0 1 Trust,
commodore 0 0 1 Trust,
ambition 0 0 1 Trust,
theocratic 0 0 1 Trust,
courtship 0 0 1 Trust,
abacus 0 0 1 Trust,
miracle 0 0 1 Trust,
bank 0 0 1 Trust,
immerse 0 0 1 Trust,
episcopal 0 0 1 Trust,
moorings 0 0 1 Trust,
transcendence 0 0 1 Trust,
equality 0 0 1 Trust,
prophylactic 0 0 1 Trust,
designation 0 0 1 Trust,
respectable 0 0 1 Trust,
mastery 0 0 1 Trust,
fully 0 0 1 Trust,
level 0 0 1 Trust,
advent 0 0 1 Trust,
leading 0 0 1 Trust,
substantiate 0 0 1 Trust,
privileged 0 0 1 Trust,
bless 0 0 1 Trust,
synchronize 0 0 1 Trust,
delightful 0 0 1 Trust,
spotless 0 0 1 Trust,
usher 0 0 1 Trust,
victory 0 0 1 Trust,
truth 0 0 1 Trust,
found 0 0 1 Trust,
economy 0 0 1 Trust,
friendship 0 0 1 Trust,
marry 0 0 1 Trust,
system 0 0 1 Trust,
commonwealth 0 0 1 Trust,
recommend 0 0 1 Trust,
weight 0 0 1 Trust,
concord 0 0 1 Trust,
series 0 0 1 Trust,
ejaculation 0 0 1 Trust,
apologize 0 0 1 Trust,
related 0 0 1 Trust,
constitute 0 0 1 Trust,
electorate 0 0 1 Trust,
owing 0 0 1 Trust,
expect 0 0 1 Trust,
authenticity 0 0 1 Trust,
cathedral 0 0 1 Trust,
dawn 0 0 1 Trust,
navigator 0 0 1 Trust,
venerable 0 0 1 Trust,
magnet 0 0 1 Trust,
unsurpassed 0 0 1 Trust,
sovereign 0 0 1 Trust,
entertainment 0 0 1 Trust,
armor 0 0 1 Trust,
god 0 0 1 Trust,
confess 0 0 1 Trust,
crucial 0 0 1 Trust,
content 0 0 1 Trust,
encourage 0 0 1 Trust,
mate 0 0 1 Trust,
messenger 0 0 1 Trust,
playground 0 0 1 Trust,
proviso 0 0 1 Trust,
impart 0 0 1 Trust,
heavenly 0 0 1 Trust,
formula 0 0 1 Trust,
darling 0 0 1 Trust,
frankness 0 0 1 Trust,
assurance 0 0 1 Trust,
eagle 0 0 1 Trust,
provide 0 0 1 Trust,
proficient 0 0 1 Trust,
assured 0 0 1 Trust,
associate 0 0 1 Trust,
frank 0 0 1 Trust,
godly 0 0 1 Trust,
fugitive 0 0 1 Trust,
backer 0 0 1 Trust,
praiseworthy 0 0 1 Trust,
pleasant 0 0 1 Trust,
volunteer 0 0 1 Trust,
oasis 0 0 1 Trust,
base 0 0 1 Trust,
curable 0 0 1 Trust,
notary 0 0 1 Trust,
attendant 0 0 1 Trust,
marine 0 0 1 Trust,
acrobat 0 0 1 Trust,
heroic 0 0 1 Trust,
jubilant 0 0 1 Trust,
patronage 0 0 1 Trust,
proficiency 0 0 1 Trust,
comrade 0 0 1 Trust,
linguist 0 0 1 Trust,
indent 0 0 1 Trust,
betrothed 0 0 1 Trust,
ministry 0 0 1 Trust,
prophet 0 0 1 Trust,
sensual 0 0 1 Trust,
correctness 0 0 1 Trust,
honest 0 0 1 Trust,
bridegroom 0 0 1 Trust,
allied 0 0 1 Trust,
cradle 0 0 1 Trust,
divorce 0 0 1 Trust,
testament 0 0 1 Trust,
retain 0 0 1 Trust,
cooperating 0 0 1 Trust,
assuredly 0 0 1 Trust,
inheritance 0 0 1 Trust,
truthfulness 0 0 1 Trust,
intuition 0 0 1 Trust,
angelic 0 0 1 Trust,
rooted 0 0 1 Trust,
intercession 0 0 1 Trust,
bouquet 0 0 1 Trust,
powerful 0 0 1 Trust,
veal 0 0 1 Trust,
soothing 0 0 1 Trust,
lovable 0 0 1 Trust,
elder 0 0 1 Trust,
instruct 0 0 1 Trust,
stark 0 0 1 Trust,
guidebook 0 0 1 Trust,
insulation 0 0 1 Trust,
eminence 0 0 1 Trust,
watchman 0 0 1 Trust,
horse 0 0 1 Trust,
law 0 0 1 Trust,
convent 0 0 1 Trust,
probity 0 0 1 Trust,
authentic 0 0 1 Trust,
durable 0 0 1 Trust,
unequivocal 0 0 1 Trust,
obedience 0 0 1 Trust,
spouse 0 0 1 Trust,
immovable 0 0 1 Trust,
wonderful 0 0 1 Trust,
chastity 0 0 1 Trust,
escort 0 0 1 Trust,
bounty 0 0 1 Trust,
structural 0 0 1 Trust,
moat 0 0 1 Trust,
rota 0 0 1 Trust,
friend 0 0 1 Trust,
possess 0 0 1 Trust,
mainstay 0 0 1 Trust,
girder 0 0 1 Trust,
hug 0 0 1 Trust,
vigorous 0 0 1 Trust,
grant 0 0 1 Trust,
courier 0 0 1 Trust,
readiness 0 0 1 Trust,
checklist 0 0 1 Trust,
villager 0 0 1 Trust,
heritage 0 0 1 Trust,
serve 0 0 1 Trust,
wisdom 0 0 1 Trust,
appreciation 0 0 1 Trust,
treasurer 0 0 1 Trust,
accompaniment 0 0 1 Trust,
chairwoman 0 0 1 Trust,
word 0 0 1 Trust,
consult 0 0 1 Trust,
servant 0 0 1 Trust,
synergistic 0 0 1 Trust,
translation 0 0 1 Trust,
policeman 0 0 1 Trust,
convinced 0 0 1 Trust,
haven 0 0 1 Trust,
reporter 0 0 1 Trust,
apprentice 0 0 1 Trust,
relative 0 0 1 Trust,
bodyguard 0 0 1 Trust,
yearning 0 0 1 Trust,
aspiration 0 0 1 Trust,
instruction 0 0 1 Trust,
commandant 0 0 1 Trust,
optimism 0 0 1 Trust,
bride 0 0 1 Trust,
protected 0 0 1 Trust,
marriage 0 0 1 Trust,
unbroken 0 0 1 Trust,
iron 0 0 1 Trust,
lover 0 0 1 Trust,
kitten 0 0 1 Trust,
counselor 0 0 1 Trust,
coronation 0 0 1 Trust,
trophy 0 0 1 Trust,
voucher 0 0 1 Trust,
purify 0 0 1 Trust,
confessional 0 0 1 Trust,
reparation 0 0 1 Trust,
veracity 0 0 1 Trust,
valor 0 0 1 Trust,
partnership 0 0 1 Trust,
measure 0 0 1 Trust,
trainer 0 0 1 Trust,
enchanted 0 0 1 Trust,
pay 0 0 1 Trust,
countryman 0 0 1 Trust,
purification 0 0 1 Trust,
pry 0 0 1 Trust,
hire 0 0 1 Trust,
preservative 0 0 1 Trust,
superman 0 0 1 Trust,
competency 0 0 1 Trust,
strength 0 0 1 Trust,
genuine 0 0 1 Trust,
grandchildren 0 0 1 Trust,
inform 0 0 1 Trust,
efficient 0 0 1 Trust,
veteran 0 0 1 Trust,
responsible 0 0 1 Trust,
cheer 0 0 1 Trust,
elegance 0 0 1 Trust,
reliance 0 0 1 Trust,
zest 0 0 1 Trust,
majority 0 0 1 Trust,
fitting 0 0 1 Trust,
professorship 0 0 1 Trust,
chairman 0 0 1 Trust,
thermometer 0 0 1 Trust,
interior 0 0 1 Trust,
green 0 0 1 Trust,
taught 0 0 1 Trust,
competence 0 0 1 Trust,
hymn 0 0 1 Trust,
serene 0 0 1 Trust,
commonplace 0 0 1 Trust,
axiomatic 0 0 1 Trust,
reconciliation 0 0 1 Trust,
wholesome 0 0 1 Trust,
indelible 0 0 1 Trust,
mother 0 0 1 Trust,
chart 0 0 1 Trust,
simplify 0 0 1 Trust,
affirmatively 0 0 1 Trust,
reverence 0 0 1 Trust,
commanding 0 0 1 Trust,
revival 0 0 1 Trust,
pertinent 0 0 1 Trust,
measured 0 0 1 Trust,
creditable 0 0 1 Trust,
achievement 0 0 1 Trust,
glow 0 0 1 Trust,
planning 0 0 1 Trust,
constancy 0 0 1 Trust,
reward 0 0 1 Trust,
don 0 0 1 Trust,
steadfast 0 0 1 Trust,
chronicle 0 0 1 Trust,
oath 0 0 1 Trust,
medical 0 0 1 Trust,
devastating 0 0 1 Trust,
cover 0 0 1 Trust,
vouch 0 0 1 Trust,
deacon 0 0 1 Trust,
charitable 0 0 1 Trust,
aunt 0 0 1 Trust,
clean 0 0 1 Trust,
sun 0 0 1 Trust,
professional 0 0 1 Trust,
liberate 0 0 1 Trust,
ordination 0 0 1 Trust,
fact 0 0 1 Trust,
favorable 0 0 1 Trust,
sanctuary 0 0 1 Trust,
bait 0 0 1 Trust,
inspire 0 0 1 Trust,
barter 0 0 1 Trust,
show 0 0 1 Trust,
gentleman 0 0 1 Trust,
agreed 0 0 1 Trust,
vindication 0 0 1 Trust,
sage 0 0 1 Trust,
merit 0 0 1 Trust,
defended 0 0 1 Trust,
moderator 0 0 1 Trust,
purely 0 0 1 Trust,
legislator 0 0 1 Trust,
lettered 0 0 1 Trust,
canons 0 0 1 Trust,
midwife 0 0 1 Trust,
sundial 0 0 1 Trust,
sneaking 0 0 1 Trust,
defender 0 0 1 Trust,
heavens 0 0 1 Trust,
dove 0 0 1 Trust,
supporter 0 0 1 Trust,
ground 0 0 1 Trust,
spokesman 0 0 1 Trust,
adoration 0 0 1 Trust,
safekeeping 0 0 1 Trust,
sheriff 0 0 1 Trust,
tantamount 0 0 1 Trust,
justice 0 0 1 Trust,
elite 0 0 1 Trust,
explain 0 0 1 Trust,
treasure 0 0 1 Trust,
hopeful 0 0 1 Trust,
brighten 0 0 1 Trust,
shoulder 0 0 1 Trust,
supremacy 0 0 1 Trust,
supporting 0 0 1 Trust,
believing 0 0 1 Trust,
pretty 0 0 1 Trust,
money 0 0 1 Trust,
invocation 0 0 1 Trust,
govern 0 0 1 Trust,
scripture 0 0 1 Trust,
axiom 0 0 1 Trust,
achieve 0 0 1 Trust,
ordained 0 0 1 Trust,
shepherd 0 0 1 Trust,
cube 0 0 1 Trust,
pray 0 0 1 Trust,
dependent 0 0 1 Trust,
custodian 0 0 1 Trust,
routine 0 0 1 Trust,
counsel 0 0 1 Trust,
leisure 0 0 1 Trust,
consecration 0 0 1 Trust,
meditate 0 0 1 Trust,
occupant 0 0 1 Trust,
compass 0 0 1 Trust,
trust 0 0 1 Trust,
instructor 0 0 1 Trust,
considerate 0 0 1 Trust,
firstborn 0 0 1 Trust,
endless 0 0 1 Trust,
glory 0 0 1 Trust,
surety 0 0 1 Trust,
differential 0 0 1 Trust,
adhering 0 0 1 Trust,
secret 0 0 1 Trust,
motherhood 0 0 1 Trust,
microscope 0 0 1 Trust,
priest 0 0 1 Trust,
architecture 0 0 1 Trust,
swear 0 0 1 Trust,
gospel 0 0 1 Trust,
fixed 0 0 1 Trust,
automatic 0 0 1 Trust,
knickers 0 0 1 Trust,
attest 0 0 1 Trust,
picnic 0 0 1 Trust,
honesty 0 0 1 Trust,
synonymous 0 0 1 Trust,
specialist 0 0 1 Trust,
principal 0 0 1 Trust,
diplomatic 0 0 1 Trust,
sex 0 0 1 Trust,
nun 0 0 1 Trust,
collectively 0 0 1 Trust,
pilot 0 0 1 Trust,
reinforcements 0 0 1 Trust,
triumphant 0 0 1 Trust,
obliging 0 0 1 Trust,
tender 0 0 1 Trust,
jury 0 0 1 Trust,
fain 0 0 1 Trust,
irrefutable 0 0 1 Trust,
sincere 0 0 1 Trust,
seal 0 0 1 Trust,
foresight 0 0 1 Trust,
corroboration 0 0 1 Trust,
pedigree 0 0 1 Trust,
expert 0 0 1 Trust,
nestle 0 0 1 Trust,
wot 0 0 1 Trust,
laureate 0 0 1 Trust,
familiarity 0 0 1 Trust,
connective 0 0 1 Trust,
forecast 0 0 1 Trust,
gage 0 0 1 Trust,
sir 0 0 1 Trust,
verification 0 0 1 Trust,
beautification 0 0 1 Trust,
succeeding 0 0 1 Trust,
cooperation 0 0 1 Trust,
gazette 0 0 1 Trust,
mandarin 0 0 1 Trust,
compliment 0 0 1 Trust,
perpetuity 0 0 1 Trust,
grin 0 0 1 Trust,
accord 0 0 1 Trust,
amen 0 0 1 Trust,
legitimacy 0 0 1 Trust,
complement 0 0 1 Trust,
optimist 0 0 1 Trust,
steady 0 0 1 Trust,
inseparable 0 0 1 Trust,
physicist 0 0 1 Trust,
philanthropist 0 0 1 Trust,
retirement 0 0 1 Trust,
devout 0 0 1 Trust,
gentry 0 0 1 Trust,
competent 0 0 1 Trust,
dutiful 0 0 1 Trust,
understanding 0 0 1 Trust,
improve 0 0 1 Trust,
legislature 0 0 1 Trust,
cop 0 0 1 Trust,
feeling 0 0 1 Trust,
superstar 0 0 1 Trust,
influential 0 0 1 Trust,
freely 0 0 1 Trust,
matrimony 0 0 1 Trust,
monk 0 0 1 Trust,
assure 0 0 1 Trust,
succeed 0 0 1 Trust,
sterling 0 0 1 Trust,
protector 0 0 1 Trust,
approve 0 0 1 Trust,
firmness 0 0 1 Trust,
suggest 0 0 1 Trust,
regent 0 0 1 Trust,
wear 0 0 1 Trust,
majesty 0 0 1 Trust,
confide 0 0 1 Trust,
allegiance 0 0 1 Trust,
strengthening 0 0 1 Trust,
church 0 0 1 Trust,
majestic 0 0 1 Trust,
eagerness 0 0 1 Trust,
labor 0 0 1 Trust,
truss 0 0 1 Trust,
inimitable 0 0 1 Trust,
custody 0 0 1 Trust,
smith 0 0 1 Trust,
angel 0 0 1 Trust,
reconsideration 0 0 1 Trust,
exalt 0 0 1 Trust,
teach 0 0 1 Trust,
apostle 0 0 1 Trust,
certify 0 0 1 Trust,
tree 0 0 1 Trust,
teacher 0 0 1 Trust,
confident 0 0 1 Trust,
arbitrator 0 0 1 Trust,
communion 0 0 1 Trust,
treat 0 0 1 Trust,
maintenance 0 0 1 Trust,
omniscient 0 0 1 Trust,
collaborator 0 0 1 Trust,
lovely 0 0 1 Trust,
sisterhood 0 0 1 Trust,
umpire 0 0 1 Trust,
sentinel 0 0 1 Trust,
dame 0 0 1 Trust,
patriarchal 0 0 1 Trust,
vigilance 0 0 1 Trust,
sweetheart 0 0 1 Trust,
enable 0 0 1 Trust,
general 0 0 1 Trust,
champion 0 0 1 Trust,
blessing 0 0 1 Trust,
synod 0 0 1 Trust,
spaniel 0 0 1 Trust,
determination 0 0 1 Trust,
attentive 0 0 1 Trust,
present 0 0 1 Trust,
independence 0 0 1 Trust,
pact 0 0 1 Trust,
commerce 0 0 1 Trust,
save 0 0 1 Trust,
laser 0 0 1 Trust,
affirm 0 0 1 Trust,
judicial 0 0 1 Trust,
reliable 0 0 1 Trust,
cash 0 0 1 Trust,
governor 0 0 1 Trust,
humanity 0 0 1 Trust,
admire 0 0 1 Trust,
institute 0 0 1 Trust,
reliability 0 0 1 Trust,
quaint 0 0 1 Trust,
familiar 0 0 1 Trust,
leaning 0 0 1 Trust,
advisable 0 0 1 Trust,
garrison 0 0 1 Trust,
guardianship 0 0 1 Trust,
larger 0 0 1 Trust,
dictum 0 0 1 Trust,
credence 0 0 1 Trust,
helper 0 0 1 Trust,
crowning 0 0 1 Trust,
honorable 0 0 1 Trust,
calculator 0 0 1 Trust,
engaged 0 0 1 Trust,
dubious 0 0 1 Trust,
regularity 0 0 1 Trust,
good 0 0 1 Trust,
embrace 0 0 1 Trust,
amour 0 0 1 Trust,
uplift 0 0 1 Trust,
pill 0 0 1 Trust,
edification 0 0 1 Trust,
trustee 0 0 1 Trust,
shopkeeper 0 0 1 Trust,
confirmed 0 0 1 Trust,
clerical 0 0 1 Trust,
verified 0 0 1 Trust,
credit 0 0 1 Trust,
parish 0 0 1 Trust,
fender 0 0 1 Trust,
coexisting 0 0 1 Trust,
romance 0 0 1 Trust,
authentication 0 0 1 Trust,
emphasize 0 0 1 Trust,
skillful 0 0 1 Trust,
elders 0 0 1 Trust,
deference 0 0 1 Trust,
soundness 0 0 1 Trust,
advise 0 0 1 Trust,
disciple 0 0 1 Trust,
hermit 0 0 1 Trust,
covenant 0 0 1 Trust,
credibility 0 0 1 Trust,
safe 0 0 1 Trust,
infinity 0 0 1 Trust,
fireman 0 0 1 Trust,
nest 0 0 1 Trust,
assist 0 0 1 Trust,
negotiate 0 0 1 Trust,
cement 0 0 1 Trust,
companion 0 0 1 Trust,
director 0 0 1 Trust,
grammar 0 0 1 Trust,
fuse 0 0 1 Trust,
warden 0 0 1 Trust,
unwavering 0 0 1 Trust,
amortization 0 0 1 Trust,
guardian 0 0 1 Trust,
impeccable 0 0 1 Trust,
bequest 0 0 1 Trust,
fabrication 0 0 1 Trust,
insure 0 0 1 Trust,
concordance 0 0 1 Trust,
transaction 0 0 1 Trust,
practiced 0 0 1 Trust,
center 0 0 1 Trust,
mortgagee 0 0 1 Trust,
surrogate 0 0 1 Trust,
salvation 0 0 1 Trust,
sobriety 0 0 1 Trust,
preponderance 0 0 1 Trust,
constitutional 0 0 1 Trust,
bailiff 0 0 1 Trust,
honor 0 0 1 Trust,
academic 0 0 1 Trust,
accountable 0 0 1 Trust,
mamma 0 0 1 Trust,
auditor 0 0 1 Trust,
consistency 0 0 1 Trust,
landmark 0 0 1 Trust,
organization 0 0 1 Trust,
clearance 0 0 1 Trust,
musical 0 0 1 Trust,
usual 0 0 1 Trust,
ambassador 0 0 1 Trust,
nobility 0 0 1 Trust,
sanctify 0 0 1 Trust,
precedence 0 0 1 Trust,
ratify 0 0 1 Trust,
excel 0 0 1 Trust,
accurate 0 0 1 Trust,
rule 0 0 1 Trust,
assignee 0 0 1 Trust,
civilized 0 0 1 Trust,
relevant 0 0 1 Trust,
facts 0 0 1 Trust,
foresee 0 0 1 Trust,
vigilant 0 0 1 Trust,
rescue 0 0 1 Trust,
enlighten 0 0 1 Trust,
presumption 0 0 1 Trust,
generous 0 0 1 Trust,
downright 0 0 1 Trust,
reputable 0 0 1 Trust,
deceiving 0 0 1 Trust,
providing 0 0 1 Trust,
mediator 0 0 1 Trust,
protecting 0 0 1 Trust,
improvement 0 0 1 Trust,
lender 0 0 1 Trust,
eager 0 0 1 Trust,
formative 0 0 1 Trust,
association 0 0 1 Trust,
innocent 0 0 1 Trust,
sweet 0 0 1 Trust,
stable 0 0 1 Trust,
bridal 0 0 1 Trust,
instructions 0 0 1 Trust,
administrative 0 0 1 Trust,
excited 0 0 1 Trust,
divan 0 0 1 Trust,
real 0 0 1 Trust,
harmoniously 0 0 1 Trust,
winning 0 0 1 Trust,
elevation 0 0 1 Trust,
definitive 0 0 1 Trust,
putative 0 0 1 Trust,
dignity 0 0 1 Trust,
chancellor 0 0 1 Trust,
punctual 0 0 1 Trust,
advocate 0 0 1 Trust,
judiciary 0 0 1 Trust,
objective 0 0 1 Trust,
rave 0 0 1 Trust,
birth 0 0 1 Trust,
secrecy 0 0 1 Trust,
fortune 0 0 1 Trust,
antiseptic 0 0 1 Trust,
execution 0 0 1 Trust,
dare 0 0 1 Trust,
clan 0 0 1 Trust,
confidentially 0 0 1 Trust,
crisp 0 0 1 Trust,
helpful 0 0 1 Trust,
inviting 0 0 1 Trust,
patience 0 0 1 Trust,
zeal 0 0 1 Trust,
governess 0 0 1 Trust,
journalism 0 0 1 Trust,
endowment 0 0 1 Trust,
testimony 0 0 1 Trust,
grit 0 0 1 Trust,
opera 0 0 1 Trust,
immunization 0 0 1 Trust,
continue 0 0 1 Trust,
heyday 0 0 1 Trust,
conveyancing 0 0 1 Trust,
weigh 0 0 1 Trust,
passionate 0 0 1 Trust,
clap 0 0 1 Trust,
therapeutic 0 0 1 Trust,
mathematical 0 0 1 Trust,
crescendo 0 0 1 Trust,
attorney 0 0 1 Trust,
reimbursement 0 0 1 Trust,
conciliation 0 0 1 Trust,
tandem 0 0 1 Trust,
deal 0 0 1 Trust,
senate 0 0 1 Trust,
manual 0 0 1 Trust,
solidity 0 0 1 Trust,
magnificent 0 0 1 Trust,
maxim 0 0 1 Trust,
alive 0 0 1 Trust,
corroborate 0 0 1 Trust,
experienced 0 0 1 Trust,
mighty 0 0 1 Trust,
deliverance 0 0 1 Trust,
respect 0 0 1 Trust,
star 0 0 1 Trust,
liking 0 0 1 Trust,
intact 0 0 1 Trust,
ballot 0 0 1 Trust,
nobleman 0 0 1 Trust,
choir 0 0 1 Trust,
authenticate 0 0 1 Trust,
princely 0 0 1 Trust,
operation 0 0 1 Trust,
footing 0 0 1 Trust,
pavement 0 0 1 Trust,
legal 0 0 1 Trust,
tutelage 0 0 1 Trust,
deserve 0 0 1 Trust,
babysitter 0 0 1 Trust,
discretion 0 0 1 Trust,
eyewitness 0 0 1 Trust,
matron 0 0 1 Trust,
monogamy 0 0 1 Trust,
worship 0 0 1 Trust,
leader 0 0 1 Trust,
theological 0 0 1 Trust,
officer 0 0 1 Trust,
saintly 0 0 1 Trust,
visionary 0 0 1 Trust,
assembly 0 0 1 Trust,
impressionable 0 0 1 Trust,
proud 0 0 1 Trust,
apostolic 0 0 1 Trust,
elucidate 0 0 1 Trust,
benefactor 0 0 1 Trust,
communicate 0 0 1 Trust,
agreement 0 0 1 Trust,
unity 0 0 1 Trust,
lieutenant 0 0 1 Trust,
journeyman 0 0 1 Trust,
title 0 0 1 Trust,
hail 0 0 1 Trust,
worthy 0 0 1 Trust,
memorable 0 0 1 Trust,
carol 0 0 1 Trust,
intense 0 0 1 Trust,
wealth 0 0 1 Trust,
throne 0 0 1 Trust,
faith 0 0 1 Trust,
asserting 0 0 1 Trust,
bylaw 0 0 1 Trust,
incline 0 0 1 Trust,
impenetrable 0 0 1 Trust,
coexist 0 0 1 Trust,
freedom 0 0 1 Trust,
favorite 0 0 1 Trust,
label 0 0 1 Trust,
graduation 0 0 1 Trust,
revere 0 0 1 Trust,
remains 0 0 1 Trust,
blessings 0 0 1 Trust,
banker 0 0 1 Trust,
neighbor 0 0 1 Trust,
cherish 0 0 1 Trust,
congressman 0 0 1 Trust,
obstetrician 0 0 1 Trust,
hospital 0 0 1 Trust,
credible 0 0 1 Trust,
tribe 0 0 1 Trust,
vicar 0 0 1 Trust,
alliance 0 0 1 Trust,
restorative 0 0 1 Trust,
inclusion 0 0 1 Trust,
communication 0 0 1 Trust,
antidote 0 0 1 Trust,
honeymoon 0 0 1 Trust,
falsehood 0 0 1 Trust,
signature 0 0 1 Trust,
unification 0 0 1 Trust,
neutrality 0 0 1 Trust,
guard 0 0 1 Trust,
transcript 0 0 1 Trust,
accounts 0 0 1 Trust,
esteem 0 0 1 Trust,
doctrine 0 0 1 Trust,
conscientious 0 0 1 Trust,
contributor 0 0 1 Trust,
pivot 0 0 1 Trust,
lesson 0 0 1 Trust,
kind 0 0 1 Trust,
doubtless 0 0 1 Trust,
prestige 0 0 1 Trust,
rejoice 0 0 1 Trust,
commission 0 0 1 Trust,
medal 0 0 1 Trust,
constantly 0 0 1 Trust,
disposed 0 0 1 Trust,
errand 0 0 1 Trust,
accountability 0 0 1 Trust,
stamina 0 0 1 Trust,
virgin 0 0 1 Trust,
accountant 0 0 1 Trust,
conservation 0 0 1 Trust,
handbook 0 0 1 Trust,
utopian 0 0 1 Trust,
greatness 0 0 1 Trust,
morality 0 0 1 Trust,
immaculate 0 0 1 Trust,
happy 0 0 1 Trust,
salary 0 0 1 Trust,
cosmopolitan 0 0 1 Trust,
invite 0 0 1 Trust,
offering 0 0 1 Trust,
diligence 0 0 1 Trust,
tranquility 0 0 1 Trust,
heal 0 0 1 Trust,
peaceful 0 0 1 Trust,
pastor 0 0 1 Trust,
vitality 0 0 1 Trust,
cabinet 0 0 1 Trust,
armory 0 0 1 Trust,
neutral 0 0 1 Trust,
authority 0 0 1 Trust,
upright 0 0 1 Trust,
unreliable 0 0 1 Trust,
safeguard 0 0 1 Trust,
true 0 0 1 Trust,
analyst 0 0 1 Trust,
fort 0 0 1 Trust,
count 0 0 1 Trust,
engaging 0 0 1 Trust,
admiration 0 0 1 Trust,
tactics 0 0 1 Trust,
prevalent 0 0 1 Trust,
evident 0 0 1 Trust,
forefathers 0 0 1 Trust,
official 0 0 1 Trust,
ancestral 0 0 1 Trust,
bargain 0 0 1 Trust,
reinforcement 0 0 1 Trust,
flirt 0 0 1 Trust,
generosity 0 0 1 Trust,
sadness 0 0 1 Trust,
convince 0 0 1 Trust,
adore 0 0 1 Trust,
calf 0 0 1 Trust,
boomerang 0 0 1 Trust,
antifungal 0 0 1 Trust,
inoculation 0 0 1 Trust,
professor 0 0 1 Trust,
affection 0 0 1 Trust,
sponsor 0 0 1 Trust,
respite 0 0 1 Trust,
humanitarian 0 0 1 Trust,
constant 0 0 1 Trust,
pontiff 0 0 1 Trust,
brotherly 0 0 1 Trust,
constable 0 0 1 Trust,
securities 0 0 1 Trust,
congruence 0 0 1 Trust,
censor 0 0 1 Trust,
proven 0 0 1 Trust,
fellow 0 0 1 Trust,
scientific 0 0 1 Trust,
parliament 0 0 1 Trust,
expertise 0 0 1 Trust,
abbot 0 0 1 Trust,
goodness 0 0 1 Trust,
phalanx 0 0 1 Trust,
shopping 0 0 1 Trust,
deed 0 0 1 Trust,
joyful 0 0 1 Trust,
fraternal 0 0 1 Trust,
fill 0 0 1 Trust,
loyal 0 0 1 Trust,
faithful 0 0 1 Trust,
agreeing 0 0 1 Trust,
corporation 0 0 1 Trust,
peace 0 0 1 Trust,
cohesive 0 0 1 Trust,
depth 0 0 1 Trust,
answerable 0 0 1 Trust,
statement 0 0 1 Trust,
witness 0 0 1 Trust,
reassurance 0 0 1 Trust,
income 0 0 1 Trust,
intelligence 0 0 1 Trust,
salutary 0 0 1 Trust,
puppy 0 0 1 Trust,
predominant 0 0 1 Trust,
chemist 0 0 1 Trust,
evergreen 0 0 1 Trust,
fortitude 0 0 1 Trust,
meritorious 0 0 1 Trust,
intend 0 0 1 Trust,
congress 0 0 1 Trust,
respects 0 0 1 Trust,
oblige 0 0 1 Trust,
backbone 0 0 1 Trust,
convincing 0 0 1 Trust,
flange 0 0 1 Trust,
prepared 0 0 1 Trust,
smile 0 0 1 Trust,
important 0 0 1 Trust,
arbiter 0 0 1 Trust,
registry 0 0 1 Trust,
brotherhood 0 0 1 Trust,
magnificence 0 0 1 Trust,
entrust 0 0 1 Trust,
prudent 0 0 1 Trust,
heroine 0 0 1 Trust,
structure 0 0 1 Trust,
heartfelt 0 0 1 Trust,
applause 0 0 1 Trust,
calls 0 0 1 Trust,
dogma 0 0 1 Trust,
statistical 0 0 1 Trust,
vow 0 0 1 Trust,
aga 0 0 1 Trust,
watchful 0 0 1 Trust,
cohesion 0 0 1 Trust,
accolade 0 0 1 Trust,
authoritative 0 0 1 Trust,
shelter 0 0 1 Trust,
lovemaking 0 0 1 Trust,
diagnosis 0 0 1 Trust,
oracle 0 0 1 Trust,
management 0 0 1 Trust,
remarkable 0 0 1 Trust,
scoundrel 0 0 1 Trust,
